In its most abstract sense, an ecosystem is a biotic community, encompassing its physical environment, and all the interactions possible in the complex of living and nonliving components. Economics has always been about systems that explain differential output and outcomes. However, economics has generally ignored the role of entrepreneurship in economic systems, just as entrepreneurship studies have largely overlooked the role of systems in explaining the prevalence and performance of entrepreneurship. The entrepreneurial ecosystem approach has the promise to correct these shortcomings. Its two dominant lineages are the regional development literature and the strategy literature. Both lineages share common roots in ecological systems thinking, providing fresh insights into the interdependence of actors in a particular community to create new value. But studies of both regional development and strategic management have largely ignored the role of entrepreneurs in new value creation. In this paper, we will outline contributions to the entrepreneurial ecosystem approach and conclude with a promising new line of research to our understanding of the emergence, growth, and context of start-ups that have achieved great impact by developing new platforms. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Circular Economy has undoubtedly become one of the hot topics in public debates about new and more sustainable industrial paradigms and strategies. In this respect, the fashion of Circular Economy is in the fact that it aims at overcoming the dominant linear take, make, disposal economy model, i.e. “a traditional open-ended economy model developed with no built-in tendency to recycle, which is reflected by treating the environment as a waste reservoir” (Su et al., 2013). Circular Economy, indeed, bases on the establishment of closed production systems, where resources are reused and kept in a loop of production and usage, allowing generating more value and for a longer period. Despite the interest for Circular Economy by politicians and practitioners, scholars, particularly in the strategic management field, are still struggling with a lack of a framework explaining how companies willing to become circular adapt their existing business model or create a new one. By extensively reviewing, through the lens of business model literature, the extant contributions on Circular Economy, we propose a taxonomy of Circular Economy Business Models based on the degree of adoption of circularity along two major dimensions: (i) the customer value proposition & interface, i.e. the implementation of the circularity concept in proposing value to customers; (ii) the value network, i.e. the ways through which interacting with suppliers and reorganizing the own internal activities. The taxonomy is then initially tested through some explorative case studies, showing in practice the ability of the framework to properly distinguish different modes of adoption of Circular Economy. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
We clarify differences among moderation, partial mediation, and full mediation and identify methodological problems related to moderation and mediation from a review of articles in Strategic Management Journal and Organization Science published from 2005 to 2014. Regarding moderation, we discuss measurement error, range restriction, and unequal sample sizes across moderator-based subgroups; insufficient statistical power; the artificial categorization of continuous variables; assumed negative consequences of correlations between product terms and its components (i.e., multicollinearity); and interpretation of first-order effects based on models excluding product terms. Regarding mediation, we discuss problems with the causal-steps procedure, inferences about mediation based on cross-sectional designs, whether a relation between the antecedent and the outcome is necessary for testing mediation, the routine inclusion of a direct path from the antecedent to the outcome, and consequences of measurement error. We also explain how integrating moderation and mediation can lead to important and useful insights for strategic management theory and practice. Finally, we offer specific and actionable recommendations for improving the appropriateness and accuracy of tests of moderation and mediation in strategic management research. Our recommendations can also be used as a checklist for editors and reviewers who evaluate manuscripts reporting tests of moderation and mediation. © 2016, © The Author(s) 2016.
In the last few years, leading-edge research from information systems, strategic management, and economics have separately informed our understanding of platforms and infrastructures in the digital age. Our motivation for undertaking this special issue rests in the conviction that it is significant to discuss platforms and infrastructures concomitantly, while enabling knowledge from diverse disciplines to cross-pollinate to address critical, pressing policy challenges and informstrategic thinking across both social and business spheres. In this editorial,we reviewkey insights from the literature on digital infrastructures and platforms, present emerging research themes, highlight the contributions developed from each of the six articles in this special issue, and conclude with suggestions for further research. © 2018 INFORMS.
Purpose: Within a very short period of time, the worldwide pandemic triggered by the novel coronavirus has not only claimed numerous lives but also caused severe limitations to daily private as well as business life. Just about every company has been affected in one way or another. This first empirical study on the effects of the COVID-19 crisis on family firms allows initial conclusions to be drawn about family firm crisis management. Design/methodology/approach: Exploratory qualitative research design based on 27 semi-structured interviews with key informants of family firms of all sizes in five Western European countries that are in different stages of the crisis. Findings: The COVID-19 crisis represents a new type and quality of challenge for companies. These companies are applying measures that can be assigned to three different strategies to adapt to the crisis in the short term and emerge from it stronger in the long run. Our findings show how companies in all industries and of all sizes adapt their business models to changing environmental conditions within a short period of time. Finally, the findings also show that the crisis is bringing about a significant yet unintended cultural change. On the one hand, a stronger solidarity and cohesion within the company was observed, while on the other hand, the crisis has led to a tentative digitalization. Originality/value: To the knowledge of the authors, this is the first empirical study in the management realm on the impacts of COVID-19 on (family) firms. It provides cross-national evidence of family firms' current reactions to the crisis. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Sustainable development refers to an economic, environmental and social development that meets the needs of the present and does not prevent future generations from fulfilling their needs. In this context, businesses play an important role. However, progress towards sustainable development has been slow, indicating the need for more concrete guidance that will allow businesses to act strategically and successfully in a sustainable way. This theoretical paper connects three distinct, but complementary, dimensions of strategic management as viewed from the perspective of sustainability in order to encourage the integration of sustainability issues into corporate activities and strategies. These three dimensions are: strategy process, strategy content and strategy context. Sixteen propositions related to these dimensions have been developed to explore the contributions of corporate sustainability management to the creation of value for businesses, society and nature. This theoretical discussion contributes to existing research in that it reveals relationships between strategic management and sustainable development and provides an agenda for further empirical research. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
The innovation ecosystem construct has emerged as a promising approach in the literature on strategy, innovation and entrepreneurship. It draws upon former business ecosystem literature. However, the term innovation ecosystem has been employed in very polysemic and sometimes competing ways. Many adjectives used with reference to innovation ecosystems render the consolidation of the construct more difficult - which its characteristics, boundaries and relation with other, to some extent competing, constructs, such as supply chain and value chain are. To clarify concepts, to identify trends and research opportunities, we conducted a systematic literature review from 1993 to 2016, with a hybrid methodology including bibliometric and content analysis. Besides highlighting the most influential papers and exhaustively discussing the innovation ecosystem concept and its variations, we identify a turning point in the literature, the transition from business ecosystem to innovation ecosystem. Business ecosystem relates mainly to value capture, while innovation ecosystem relates mainly to value creation. We conclude by describing six research streams in innovation ecosystem: industry platform × innovation ecosystem; innovation ecosystem strategy, strategic management, value creation and business model; innovation management; managing partners; the innovation ecosystem lifecycle; innovation ecosystem and new venture creation. These streams lead us to propose opportunities for further research to solidify the innovation ecosystem concept. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
In the strategic management field, dynamic capabilities (DC) such as organizational agility are considered to be paramount in the search for competitive advantage. Recent research claims that IT business value research needs a more dynamic perspective. In particular, the Big Data Analytics (BDA) value chain remains unexplored. To assess BDA value, a conceptual model is proposed based on a knowledge-based view and DC theories. To empirically test this model, the study addresses a survey to a wide range of 500 European firms and their IT and business executives. Results show that BDA can provide business value to several stages of the value chain. BDA can create organizational agility through knowledge management and its impact on process and competitive advantage. Also, this paper demonstrates that agility can partially mediate the effect between knowledge assets and performance (process level and competitive advantage). The model explains 77.8% of the variation in competitive advantage. The current paper also presents theoretical and practical implications of this study, and the study's limitations. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.
Research Summary: We used interviews with elite informants as a case study to illustrate the need to expand the discussion of transparency and replicability to qualitative methodology. An analysis of 52 articles published in Strategic Management Journal revealed that none of them were sufficiently transparent to allow for exact replication, empirical replication, or conceptual replication. We offer 12 transparency criteria, and behaviorally-anchored ratings scales to measure them, that can be used by authors as they plan and conduct qualitative research as well as by journal reviewers and editors when they evaluate the transparency of submitted manuscripts. We hope our article will serve as a catalyst for improving the degree of transparency and replicability of future qualitative research. Managerial Summary: If organizations implement practices based on published research, will they produce results consistent with those reported in the articles? To answer this question, it is critical that published articles be transparent in terms of what has been done, why, and how. We investigated 52 articles published in Strategic Management Journal that reported interviewing elite informants (e.g., members of the top management team) and found that none of the articles were sufficiently transparent. These results lead to thorny questions about the trustworthiness of published research, but also important opportunities for future improvements about research transparency and replicability. We offer recommendations on 12 transparency criteria, and how to measure them, that can be used to evaluate past as well as future research using qualitative methods. © 2019 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Research summary: This study examines whether companies employ corporate social responsibility (CSR) to improve employee engagement and mitigate adverse behavior at the workplace (e.g., shirking, absenteeism). We exploit plausibly exogenous changes in state unemployment insurance (UI) benefits from 1991 to 2013. Higher UI benefits reduce the cost of being unemployed and hence increase employees' incentives to engage in adverse behavior. We find that higher UI benefits are associated with higher engagement in employee-related CSR. This finding suggests that companies use CSR as a strategic management tool—specifically, an employee governance tool—to increase employee engagement and counter the possibility of adverse behavior. We further examine plausible mechanisms underlying this relationship. Managerial summary: This study examines whether companies employ corporate social responsibility (CSR) to improve employee engagement and mitigate adverse behavior at the workplace (e.g., shirking, absenteeism). We find that companies react to increased risk of adverse behavior by strategically increasing their investment in employee-related CSR (e.g., work-life balance benefits, health and safety policies). Our findings have important managerial implications. In particular, they suggest that CSR may help companies motivate and engage their employees. Hence, companies dealing with employees that are unmotivated, regularly absent, or engage in other forms of adverse behavior, may find it worthwhile to design and implement effective CSR practices. Further, our findings suggest that CSR can be used as employee governance tool. Accordingly, managers could benefit from integrating CSR considerations into their strategic planning. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
We attempt to provide a more nuanced view of the relationship between corporate social responsibility (CSR) and firm financial performance using a competitive-action perspective. We argue that competitive action should be considered as an important contingency that determines the effects of CSR activities on firm financial performance. Using data for 113 publicly listed U.S. firms in the software industry between 2000 and 2005, we found that socially responsible activities (positive CSR) enhance firm financial performance when the firm’s competitive-action level is high, whereas socially irresponsible activities (negative CSR) actually improve firm financial performance when the competitive-action level is low. By introducing competitive action as an important contingency, this study contributes to the literature on CSR and strategic management. © 2015, © The Author(s) 2015.
The importance of big data analytics–enabled dynamic capability has been at the forefront of research for information systems management, operations management, and strategic management community. Prior studies have reported on the influence of big data analytics–enabled dynamic capability (BDA) for improved organizational agility and organizational performance, but there has been a paucity of literature regarding the role of big data analytics–enabled dynamic capability in untangling the supply chain ambidexterity dilemma and organizational performance. To address these research gaps, this paper draws on the dynamic capability view of the organization under the contingent effect of environmental dynamism. We tested our research hypotheses using 281 surveys, gathered using a pre-tested questionnaire. Our results suggest that BDA has positive effects on improving supply chain agility (SCAG), supply chain adaptability (SCAD) and performance measures (cost performance and operational performance). However, we noted that hypotheses regarding the moderating effect of environmental dynamism (ED) on the paths joining BDA and SCAG/SCAD were not supported. To address these unexpected results, we conducted post hoc analysis to explain the rationale behind the insignificant moderating effects of ED on the paths joining BDA and SCAG/SCAD. We found that the effects of BDA on SCAG/SCAD were higher under intermediate levels of environmental dynamism but comparatively weak when the environmental dynamism is low or high. Hence, we can argue that big data analytics can help enhance supply chain agility, supply chain adaptability, and organizational performance, but these effects are contingent upon the level of environmental dynamism. Moreover, a non-linear, inverse U-shaped moderating effect of environmental dynamism exists. Collectively, these findings provide a theory-based understanding of the organizational level of usage of big data analytics and its effects on supply chain agility, supply chain adaptability, and organizational performance. Moreover, they further shape our understanding of how big data analytics–enabled dynamic capabilities yield differential results under the moderating effect of environmental dynamism. Hence, we believe that our results will be useful for managers who are highly optimistic about the usage of these emerging technologies and their effects on supply chain characteristics. Finally, we have outlined our study limitations and offered numerous research directions. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Managerial risk taking is a critical aspect of strategic management. To improve competitive advantage and performance, managers need to take risks, often in an uncertain environment. Formal economic assumptions of risk taking suggest that if the expected values for two strategies are similar but one is a greater gamble (uncertain), managers will choose the strategy with a more certain outcome. Based on these assumptions, agency theory assumes that top managers should be compensated or monitored to achieve better outcomes. We review the theory and research on agency theory and managerial risk taking along with theories that challenge this basic assumption about risk taking: the behavioral theory of the firm, prospect theory, the behavioral agency model and the related socioemotional wealth perspective, and upper echelons theory. We contribute to the literature by reviewing and suggesting research opportunities within and across these theories to develop a comprehensive research agenda on managerial risk taking. © 2016, © The Author(s) 2016.
 IL
The concept of circular economy is increasingly receiving attention in different domains, including strategic management, operations management, and technology management. It requires companies to design their business model (i.e., the value network, the relationships with the supply chain partners, and the value propositions towards customers) around a new concept of sustainable development that reduces consumption of natural resources and preserves the environment. However, extant research falls short in terms of explaining how companies design their business model according to the circular economy principles. Starting from this premise, the present paper provides a systematic review of the literature on the design of business models in the context of circular economy, aiming to offer an overview of the state of research and outline a promising research agenda. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP Environment
In this paper, we review the literature on moderators and mediators in the corporate sustainability (CS)–corporate financial performance (CFP) relationship. We provide some clarity on what has been learned so far by taking a contingency perspective on this much-researched relationship. Overall, we find that this research has made some progress in the past. However, we also find this research stream to be characterized by three major shortcomings, namely low degree of novelty, missing investment in theory building, and a lack of research design and measurement options. To address these shortcomings, we suggest avenues for future research. Beyond that we also argue for a stronger emphasis on the strategic perspective of CS. In particular, we propose future research to take a step back and aim for an integration of the CS–CFP relationship into the strategic management literature. © 2015, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
Some scholars hold that dynamic capability (hereinafter DC) is one of the keys to achieving competitive advantage (hereinafter CA) and consequently, performance in strategic management. However, the definition and effects of DCs and the role of environmental dynamism are still under discussion. In the context of a Portuguese-like economy and from a strategic process perspective, this study defines dynamic capability as the potential to systematically solve problems, enabled by its propensity to sense opportunities and threats, to make timely decisions, and to implement strategic decisions and changes efficiently, thereby ensuring the right direction. Moreover, the ambidexterity view, exploring the indirect impact of exploitative and explorative capabilities, mediated by creativity and innovation competences (hereinafter IC) gives evidence of the influence on CA and firm's performance. Using an empirical study of 387 enterprises in Portugal, it was found that DCs, creativity and IC do significantly, positively, affect performance, while entrepreneurial orientation (hereinafter EO) is a moderator. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.
 R.
Research summary: We propose a conceptual framework for examining the value-creation potential embedded into novel, digitally powered resource configurations. We suggest that business digitization calls for firms to adopt a system-based, value-creation-centric perspective for designing and organizing their resource configurations. Our conceptualization of a firm's resource configuration decisions centers on organizing access to resources controlled by value cocreators. We discuss resource configuration prototypes, value-creation sources, and the underlying resource configuration processes enabled by digitization. Our study contributes to the literature on strategic entrepreneurship by incorporating the ramifications of digitization into the theory on firms’ resource configuration and its underlying processes to enable strategic entrepreneurship. Managerial summary: Digitization has profoundly reshaped the way business opportunities are discovered and exploited. In this article, we suggest that digitization expands the scope of resources firm could utilize while requiring firms to take a holistic approach in considering the resources and addressing the needs of all customers and partners (e.g., resource providers). We highlight the importance of such a holistic approach to enhancing the value creation potential in the digital age for entrepreneurs and managers. In addition, we propose novel ways to connect resources with needs of customers and partners (e.g., enabling transactions and providing bridges) as well as the actionable microprocesses that undergird and enable these novel connections in a digitally enabled world. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society
Research streams on competition and cooperation are central to the field of strategic management but have evolved independently. The emerging literature on coopetition has brought attention to the phenomenon of simultaneous competition and cooperation, yet the interplay between the two has remained under-researched. We offer a roadmap for studying this interplay, which identifies some of its antecedents and consequences, highlights debates concerning the nature of competition and cooperation and the association between the two, and directs attention to the tension between competition and cooperation and the alternative approaches for managing this tension. We discuss the broader implications of the interplay, note some intriguing open questions, offer directions for future research, and present an organizing framework for the interplay of competition and cooperation. © 2018 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Although many articles discuss customer journey mapping (CJM), both academics and practitioners still question the best ways to model the consumer decision journey. We contend that most customer journey maps are critically flawed. They assume all customers of a particular organization experience the same organizational touchpoints and view these touchpoints as equally important. Furthermore, management lacks an understanding of how to use CJM as a cross-functional, strategic tool that promotes service innovation. This article proposes a solution to the unwieldy complexity of CJM by linking customer research to the CJM process and by showing managers how to develop a customer journey map that improves a customer's experience at each touchpoint. Using the case of an actual retail mall, we show that common CJM assumptions about the equal importance of all touchpoints are fundamentally wrong, and how easy it is for retail managers and strategic planners to make incorrect judgements about customer experience. This article demonstrates through a case study how customer research helped a mall's strategic management team understand which touchpoints were more or less critical to customer experience. It also shows key strategic initiatives at each touchpoint, resulting in cross-functional input aimed to advance service innovation at the mall. © 2016 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University
Business-model research has struggled to develop a clear footprint in the strategic management field. This introduction to the special issue on the wider implications of business-model research argues that part of this struggle relates to the application of five different perspectives on the term “business model,” which creates ambiguity about the conceptual boundaries of business models, the applied terminology, and the potential contributions of business-model research to strategic management literature. By explicitly distinguishing among these five perspectives and by aligning them into one overarching, comprehensive framework, this paper offers a foundation for consolidating business-model research. Furthermore, we explore the connections between business-model research and prominent theories in strategic management. We conclude that business-model research is not necessarily a “theory on its own” and that it can be more fruitfully understood as a theoretical mechanism for combining different literature streams. As such, business-model research is positioned as a central connecting component in the further development of the strategic management field. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
A number of tensions have been suggested between stakeholder theory and strategic management (SM). Following a brief review of the histories of stakeholder theory and mainstream SM, we argue that many of the tensions are more apparent than real, representing different narratives about stakeholder theory, SM, business, and ethics. Part of the difference in these two theoretical positions is due to the fact that they seek to solve different problems. However, we suggest how there are areas of overlap, and we argue that some of the tensions may, instead, provide interesting ways to put the two areas of scholarship and practice together. We maintain that SM and stakeholder theory could mutually benefit from a more pragmatist philosophy. © The Author(s) 2018.
Open innovation has become well established as a new imperative for organizing innovation. In line with the increased use in industry, it has also attracted a lot of attention in academia. However, understanding the full benefits and possible limits of open innovation still remains a challenge. We draw on strategic management theory to describe some of these benefits and limits. More specifically, we develop a dynamic capabilities framework as a way to better understand the strategic management of open innovation, which can then help to better explain both success and failure in open innovation. With this background, as guest editors we introduce select papers published in this Special Section of California Management Review that were originally presented at the fifth annual World Open Innovation Conference, held in San Francisco, California, in December of 2018. © The Regents of the University of California 2019.
This article presents an in-depth case study detailing the history, experiences, and wider practitioner and policy lessons from a circular economy business model over a 30-year period, highlighting the successes, difficulties, and conflicts of adopting a circular economy model. The case is based on interviews, key documents, and customer insight. The findings demonstrate how sustained circular economy business practices can deliver significant new revenues, resource productivity, and business continuity benefits, but also require managers and practitioners to develop competencies and capabilities, such as balancing linear and circular systems, to address complex and highly dynamic factors, including rapid technological shifts and market volatility. © 2018, © The Regents of the University of California 2018.
The subjectivity, complexity, and often competing interests of sustainable development have limited the effectiveness of integrating these important ideas into mainstream business strategy. With the adoption of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in January 2016, there are now global sustainability benchmarks that apply across diverse sectors and national contexts, allowing public and private organizations to orient and evaluate their activities, strategies, and business outcomes. However, it is not directly apparent where the advantage for business lies in pursuit of these actions within the prevailing economic paradigm, highlighting the need for new analytical frameworks and tools. Industrial ecology (IE) has been successfully used in engineering practice for decades and has been suggested as a method that can provide the concepts and methods necessary to bridge the gap between traditional business practice and sustainable development. To test this, literature bridging the fields of industrial ecology, business strategy, and sustainable development was collected and analyzed using the textual analysis software Leximancer™. The analysis showed that while the SDGs are primarily aimed at the national level, they also hold relevance for business through innovation, partnerships, and strategic positioning, inter alia. The analysis found that the integration of IE and business strategy is highly relevant for three of the SDGs, but captures elements of all 17 to varying degrees. IE has a strong focus on innovation and its potential in new markets, products, and business models. IE is also consciously aimed at the efficient use of energy and resources, ideas that are relevant to mitigating, adapting, and building resilience in a changing future, but are also relevant to traditional concepts of business strategy and competitive advantage. This paper shows that through the combination of IE and strategic management theory, commercial organizations can positively contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals while building competitive advantage. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
This paper presents a new conceptualization of the project-oriented organization. The project-oriented organization is conceptualized as an entrepreneurial, future- and stakeholder-oriented innovating organization, which uses projects as temporary, task-focused organizations, to define, develop, and implement its strategies, to transform its structure, culture and behavior, and to define and develop new products, services, and business models. The concept of the project-oriented organization consists of the three segments (1) values, (2) structures, and (3) people. For each segment three important areas are described, which characterize a project-oriented organization. The model is theoretically based on a wide spectrum of management disciplines: (1) The orientations in the value segment have been developed in entrepreneurship, strategic management and technology and innovation management; (2) The foundations for the design of the socio-technical artefacts in the structure segment of derived from organizational design, planning and controlling, and ICT systems theory; (3) The foundations for the elements of the human side come from organizational behavior, human resource management, and knowledge management theories. Our model shows a clear linkage to these theories, references key articles, and gives special consideration to empirical studies in the realm of projects, programs, project portfolios, and project-based or project-oriented organizations. Thus, our assumption that the elements of our model are supposed to increase project success, innovation success, and business success is based on empirical evidence. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd, APM and IPMA
Research Summary: We integrate insights from upper echelon theory and the literature on innovation and multinational corporations (MNCs) to develop a framework explaining when and why nationality diversity in top management teams (TMTs) affects corporate entrepreneurship—as evidenced by diversity in global knowledge sourcing—and through this innovation performance in MNCs. In a panel of 165 manufacturing MNCs based in 20 countries, we confirm that the positive effects of TMT nationality diversity on corporate entrepreneurship and innovation are only unleashed in TMTs with low social stratification and in MNCs located in home countries that are low in national power distance. Our study contributes to opening up the black box of the upper echelon's strategic role in spurring entrepreneurship and innovation in MNCs embedded in different cultures. Managerial Summary: The internationalization of TMTs in MNCs has been increasing in response to the globalization of markets and sources of knowledge. In this study, we examine under what circumstances MNCs that have TMTs comprised of executives with diverse nationalities exhibit stronger innovation performance. Analysis of leading corporations from 20 countries over a period of 10 years reveals that MNCs with diverse TMTs engage more in corporate entrepreneurship and subsequently see increased innovation performance—but only when these TMTs are operating in environments characterized by equal distribution of power and low hierarchy. The findings underscore the important role of corporate headquarters and TMT composition in the strategic management of modern MNCs. © 2018 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Research summary: In this article, we review, integrate, and extend the literature on markets, competition, and categories as it applies to strategic management theory. Developments in the literatures of economics and organizational theory have shed new light on market categories and category dynamics. These developments highlight the fact that boundary questions are fundamental to the competitive process, and represent a fertile area for research and theory. The objective is to encourage a theoretically grounded rapprochement between current strategic management research and both older and newer research on categories and competition. Managerial summary: One of the key problems for business strategists is understanding the competitive environment and interpreting the effects of competition on a business. This article attempts to integrate various literatures in the study of competition by suggesting that strategists play a crucial role in linking abstract categories of firms and products that have become part of an industry's terminology with real-time competitive processes taking place among firms and buyers. Strategists interpret cues such as cross-elasticities of demand among their own and competing products and connect these cues to taken-for-granted categories demarcating the boundaries of markets. Simultaneously, strategists are introducing new categories by reformulating old nomenclatures and introducing new ones. We also trace the possible effects of this ‘competitive sensemaking’ on firm behaviors. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Scholars’ knowledge of the factors behind high-growth firms remains fragmented. This paper provides a systematic review of the empirical literature concerning high-growth firms with a focus on the strategic aspects contributing to growth. Based on our review of 39 articles, we identify five drivers of high growth: human capital, strategy, human resource management, innovation, and capabilities. These drivers are combined to develop a conceptual model of high-growth firms that includes potential contingency factors among the five drivers. We also propose a research agenda to deepen the study of high-growth firms in strategic management. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Since the early 2000s, research at the intersection of entrepreneurship and strategic management has flourished, as has work at the intersection of strategic management and supply chain management. In contrast, little inquiry has occurred at the intersection of entrepreneurship and supply chain management. This presents a tremendous opportunity, as does the relative lack of work bringing together all three fields. We seek to set the stage for exploiting these opportunities by first describing how incorporating a series of key supply chain concepts—omni-channel, last-mile delivery, supply chain agility, supply chain resiliency, and service recovery—could enrich entrepreneurship research. We then explain how the boundaries of key entrepreneurship concepts—opportunity, entrepreneurial orientation, optimal distinctiveness, bricolage, and fear of failure—could be extended to the supply chain context. Both of these moves bring strategic management concepts into play, as well. In accomplishing our tasks, we draw on examples from how firms attempted to navigate the COVID-19 pandemic via moves spanning entrepreneurship, supply chain management, and strategic management. © The Author(s) 2020.
There is sufficient evidence, drawn from surveys of innovation in the public sector and cognitive testing interviews with public sector managers, to develop a framework for measuring public sector innovation. Although many questions that are covered in the Oslo Manual guidelines for measuring innovation in the private sector can be applied with some modifications to the public sector, public sector innovation surveys need to meet policy needs that require collecting additional types of data. Policy to support public sector innovation requires data on how public sector organizations innovate and how a strategic management approach to innovation can influence the types of innovations that are developed. Both issues require innovations surveys to delve deeply into the innovation processes and strategies that are used by public sector managers. Implementation of the measurement framework proposed in this paper would open up opportunities for a new, policy-relevant research program on public sector innovation. © 2018 The Authors
Big data analytics (BDA) and the Internet of Things (IoT) tools are considered crucial investments for firms to distinguish themselves among competitors. Drawing on a strategic management perspective, this study proposes that BDA and IoT capabilities can create significant value in business processes if supported by a good level of data quality, which will lead to a better competitive advantage. Responses are collected from 618 European and American firms that use IoT and BDA applications. Partial least squares results reveal that better data quality is needed to unlock the value of IoT and BDA capabilities. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: Knowledge strategy and its planning are affected by uncertainty and environmental turbulence. This paper aims to discuss these issues and present knowledge strategy planning as an integrated approach for facing these conditions. Design/methodology/approach: Based on an extensive survey and an original re-elaboration of the literature, the paper addresses these research questions: What is the meaning of knowledge strategy, and how can it be related to concepts such as strategic thinking, business strategy and knowledge management (KM) in organizations? What are the limitations of a pure rational approach to knowledge strategy in turbulent environments and under uncertainty? and What approaches can be consequently proposed to formulate knowledge strategies? Findings: The study provides a critical reading of the current literature. Also, it proposes an integrated approach that sees planning as a continuous effort of learning and adaptation to needs and opportunities that dynamically emerge from daily practices. Research limitations/implications: The proposed framework can inspire a new research agenda to detect how knowledge strategies are planned in companies and how they are continuously adapted on the basis of a dialog between rational contributions and perceptions of reality, practical views, intuitions and emotions. This can also inspire a new agenda for company strategists and KM professionals. Originality/value: In the literature, little attention has been devoted to knowledge strategy planning. The paper contributes to fill this gap and proposes a new way to see knowledge strategy as an integration of rational thinking and dynamic learning. © 2017, © Emerald Publishing Limited.
Beauty vloggers’ feminised outputs often position them outside of traditional spheres of technical expertise, however, their strategic management of algorithmic visibility makes them an illuminating source of algorithmic knowledge. I draw from an ethnography of beauty vloggers and industry stakeholders to study the collaborative and directive processes used to formulate and sustain algorithmic expertise – algorithmic gossip. Algorithmic gossip is defined as communally and socially informed theories and strategies pertaining to recommender algorithms, shared and implemented to engender financial consistency and visibility on algorithmically structured social media platforms. Gossip is productive: community communication and talk informs and supports practices such as uploading frequently and producing feminised beauty content to perform more effectively on YouTube. Taking gossip seriously can present a valuable resource for revealing information about how algorithms work and have worked, in addition to revealing how perceptions of algorithms inform content production. © The Author(s) 2019.
Generating creative ideas and turning them into innovations is key for competitive advantage. However, endeavors toward creativity and innovation are bounded by constraints such as rules and regulations, deadlines, and scarce resources. The effect of constraints on creativity and innovation has attracted substantial interest across the fields of strategic management, entrepreneurship, industrial organization, technology and operations management, organizational behavior, and marketing. Research in these fields has focused on various constraints that trigger distinct mediating mechanisms but is fragmented and yields conflicting findings. We develop a taxonomy of constraints and mediating mechanisms and provide an integrative synthesis that explains how constraints affect creativity and innovation. Our review thus facilitates cross-disciplinary learning and sets the stage for further theoretical development. © The Author(s) 2018.
Recent studies report an inability to replicate previously published research, leading some to suggest that scientific knowledge is facing a credibility crisis. In this essay, we provide evidence on whether strategic management research may itself be vulnerable to these concerns. We conducted a study whereby we attempted to reproduce the empirical findings of 88 articles appearing in the Strategic Management Journal using data reported in the articles themselves. About 70% of the studies did not disclose enough data to permit independent tests of reproducibility of their findings. Of those that could be retested, almost one-third reported hypotheses as statistically significant which were no longer so and far more significant results were found to be non-significant in the reproductions than in the opposite direction. Collectively, incomplete reporting practices, disclosure errors, and possible opportunism limit the reproducibility of most studies. Until disclosure standards and requirements change to include more complete reporting and facilitate tests of reproducibility, the strategic management field appears vulnerable to a credibility crisis. © 2017, © The Author(s) 2017.
It has become common practice to refer to personality traits as being either bright or dark, and a wealth of research has provided support for the effects of both bright traits and dark traits in organizations. This research has largely focused on explaining the downside of dark traits and the upside of bright traits. However, a recent trend has emerged in which scholars are challenging the long-standing convention that bright traits are always beneficial and dark traits are always detrimental. Instead, novel research has begun to explore the potential upside of dark traits and downside of bright traits. In this review, we adopt a multidomain perspective—integrating work from organizational behavior, human resources, strategic management, and entrepreneurship—to highlight this growing body of research. Specifically, we focus on the work advancing our understanding of the complexity of personality, such as identifying situations in which dark traits may be advantageous or beneficial and detecting curvilinear effects that suggest too much of a bright trait may be disadvantageous. Furthermore, we provide a brief discussion on special considerations for the measurement of both bright and dark traits and close with a series of avenues for future research. © 2017, © The Author(s) 2017.
 L.A.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of the strategic human resources management (HRM) literature from the points of view of both general management and hospitality and tourism. Design/methodology/approach: The paper provides a critical, qualitative and comparative review of the strategic HRM research literature in the fields of general management and hospitality and tourism, providing insights into emerging research trends and pointing to the gaps in the literature. Findings: The results of the review showed six streams of research from the hospitality and tourism literature: human capital and firm performance, high-performance HRM practices and performance, international/global issues and strategic HRM, individual HRM practices and performance, qualitative reviews of the hospitality and tourism HRM literature and country-specific strategic HRM. This review also points to the gaps between the two bodies of literature and gives recommendations for future research. Practical implications: The current conceptual model provides a useful framework for examining how strategic HRM practices impact firm performance through macro (organizational) and micro (individual) levels. The current review illustrates the important role that frontline managers have in delivering HRM practices. Originality/value: This review provides a conceptual model for future research and practical implications. © 2017, © Emerald Publishing Limited.
Research summary: Much of the literature on international new ventures (INVs) focuses on early internationalization and views it as an expression of firm-specific advantages that existed prior to internationalization. This article presents a normative framework that articulates how INVs can leverage internationalization to drive de novo competitive advantage. Drawing on the organizational capability and business model design literatures, the framework of strategic entrepreneurial internationalization (SEI) argues that INVs that adopt an active learning orientation, harness digital infrastructures for cross-border business model experimentation, encapsulate cross-border asymmetries in their activity system, and adopt a niche orientation are more likely to succeed in building sustainable competitive advantage. Managerial summary: Internationalization can be used strategically to build competitive advantage in the firm and its business model. This is because internationalization exposes the firm to different markets and different competitive environments, therefore providing a potentially rich source of learning and capability development. However, competitive advantage does not automatically follow internationalization: managers of internationalizing new ventures must actively experiment with different business models in different markets to discover ones that work best. The firm also has to make an effort to distill the lessons learned from foreign markets and adjust its business model accordingly. Learning is more effective in narrow niches. Long-term advantage can be ensured by cementing cross-border advantages into the cross-border operation. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society
Research summary: We integrate research on entrepreneurial orientation and new venture legitimacy. To create value from an entrepreneurial orientation, firms need to possess necessary resources and capabilities, which new ventures often lack due to their liability of newness. We posit that legitimation helps overcome these constraints by enabling new ventures to acquire necessary resources and develop essential capabilities, and argue that entrepreneurial orientation and legitimation jointly enhance new venture performance. We analyzed data on 149 new ventures and found support for this argument. This study opens new research avenues by extending and incorporating explanations and predictions of entrepreneurial orientation and legitimation, two areas that largely have been considered as independent of each other. Managerial summary: In the absence of a clear connection between legitimacy and economic returns, entrepreneurs and managers may not give strategic priority to legitimation. We find that new ventures with an entrepreneurial orientation as demonstrated by innovative, proactive, and risk-taking decisions and behaviors can achieve superior performance if they also actively undertake legitimation efforts to meet stakeholders’ cognitive, regulative, and normative expectations. This study suggests that neglecting legitimation as an important competitive tool may be a greater mistake than previously has been realized, especially for new ventures with an entrepreneurial orientation. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society
Scientific research on digitalization and its impact on business models has been growing exponentially in recent years. This has been particularly evident from 2010 onwards, following a landmark special issue published in Long Range Planning. This article offers an overview of the development of academic literature published between 2010 and 2019 with regards to the relationship between digitalization and business models in 198 peer-reviewed articles. By applying a novel methodological approach to compare results from different bibliometric analyses, such as the analysis of citations, co-citations, bibliographic coupling, and co-occurrences of keywords, we have identified the most influential journals, authors, and articles, as well as three thematic clusters (technological innovation, strategic management, and digital transformation). For each cluster, the most relevant contributions are presented. Promising research areas and future research directions are identified to address the existing gaps in knowledge. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
We develop a conceptual understanding of when and how organizations respond to normative pressures. More precisely, we examine two main factors underlying the willingness and ability of organizations to respond to an issue: issue salience and the cost-benefit analysis of resource mobilization. We suggest that decision makers’ interpretation of issue salience in conjunction with their perception of the costs and benefits of taking action to address the issue generates five potential responses: symbolic compliance and symbolic conformity, substantive compliance and substantive conformity, and inaction. We extend the baseline model by examining a number of boundary conditions. By focusing on the willingness and ability of organizations to respond to normative pressures, and by adopting the issue as the unit of analysis, our model helps explain intraorganizational as well as in-terorganizational response heterogeneity to institutional complexity. We contribute to the institutional research tradition and offer useful implications for managerial practice, from strategic management to policy making. © Academy of Management Review
Abstract: Community transmission of COVID-19 is happening in Bangladesh—the country which did not have a noteworthy health policy and legislative structures to combat a pandemic like COVID-19. Early strategic planning and groundwork for evolving and established challenges are crucial to assemble resources and react in an appropriate timely manner. This article, therefore, focuses on the public perception of comparative lockdown scenario analysis and how they may affect the sustainable development goals (SDGs) and the strategic management regime of COVID-19 pandemic in Bangladesh socio-economically as well as the implications of the withdrawal of partial lockdown plan. Scenario-based public perceptions were collected via a purposive sampling survey method through a questionnaire. Datasets were analysed through a set of statistical techniques including classical test theory, principal component analysis, hierarchical cluster analysis, Pearson’s correlation matrix and linear regression analysis. There were good associations among the lockdown scenarios and response strategies to be formulated. Scenario 1 describes how the death and infection rate will increase if the Bangladesh Government withdraws the existing partial lockdown. Scenario 2 outlines that limited people’s movement will enable low-level community transmission of COVID-19 with the infection and death rate will increase slowly (r = 0.540, p < 0.01). Moreover, there will be less supply of necessities of daily use with a price hike (r = 0.680, p < 0.01). In scenario 3, full lockdown will reduce community transmission and death from COVID-19 (r = 0.545, p < 0.01). However, along with the other problems gender discrimination and gender-based violence will increase rapidly (r = 0.661, p < 0.01). Due to full lockdown, the formal and informal business, economy, and education sector will be hampered severely (R = 0.695). Subsequently, there was a strong association between the loss of livelihood and the unemployment rate which will increase due to business shutdown (p < 0.01). This will lead to the severe sufferings of poor and vulnerable communities in both urban and rural areas (p < 0.01). All these will further aggravate the humanitarian needs of the most vulnerable groups in the country in the coming months to be followed which will undoubtedly affect the Bangladesh targets to achieve the SDGs of 2030 and other development plans that need to be adjusted. From our analysis, it was apparent that maintaining partial lockdown with business and economic activities with social distancing and public health guidelines is the best strategy to maintain. However, as the government withdrew the partial lockdown, inclusive and transparent risk communication towards the public should be followed. Recovery and strengthening of the health sector, economy, industry, agriculture, and food security should be focused on under the “new normal standard of life” following health guidelines and social distancing. Proper response plans and strategic management are necessary for the sustainability of the nation. Graphic abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
This article interrogates the notion of state capitalism, exploring the contributions and limits of the concept as a means of theorizing the more visible role of the state across the world capitalist economy. We critically synthesize the key arguments, outlining commonly cited properties and practices of state capitalism, in three bodies of literature: strategic management, comparative capitalism and global political economy. We find that the term not only lacks a unified definition, but actually refers to an extremely wide array of policy instruments, strategic objectives, institutional forms and networks, that involve the state to different degrees. For this proliferation of competing usages to be productive and not lead to analytical impasses, we argue that there is a need for a heightened level of reflexive scrutiny of state capitalism as a category of analysis. In that spirit, we identify three issues that the literature must further grapple with for the term to be analytically meaningful, that is, capable of rendering (state)capitalist diversity amenable to analysis and critique: (1) the ‘missing link’ of a theory of the capitalist state, (2) the time horizons of state capitalism, or the question of ‘periodization’, (3) territorial considerations or the question of ‘locating’ state capitalism. © The Author(s) 2019.
This paper conceptualises a framework that examines the moderating effect of sustainability reporting practices on the relationship between enterprise risk management (ERM) implementation and business performance. Business performance is proxied through a value-added measurement technique, namely the economic value added (EVA). An Effective ERM adoption has a significant positive impact on businesses' overall performance. However, there are limited studies conducted on ERM implementation and how sustainability reporting could influence organisations' performance through ERM. Many business organisations globally do not incorporate sustainability initiatives within their corporate strategy, whereas they should be critical input for strategic management and corporate planning. By combining the Stakeholders Theory and the Modern Portfolio Theory, this study integrates ERM implementation with sustainability reporting to examine their effect on business performance's economic value added. This paper proposes a quantitative content analysis of the of the annual reports to obtain information about companies' enterprise risk management practices and sustainability reporting. While secondary data related to the economic value added (EVA) measurement will be extracted from Thomson Reuters DataStream. The paper proposes ordinary least square (OLS) for the proposed analysis. The conceptual model espoused by this study will provide insights in formulating strategies and serve as an important conduit to enhance the EVA performance especially of the oil and gas companies. The EVA performance can be achieved through the improvement of price to earnings ratios and the reduction of cost of capital by reducing information asymmetry among the business, the insurance companies, the lenders and the shareholders of the company. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
Contradictory views exist regarding whether business-information technology (IT) alignment enhances or reduces organizational agility, and no consensus has been achieved. To disentangle this puzzle, this study takes both the intellectual and social dimensions of IT alignment into account and investigates how they influence agility in opposite directions through distinct mechanisms. Based on survey data from 429 dyads of business and IT executives, we uncover that intellectual alignment impedes agility by increasing organizational inertia, while social alignment facilitates agility by enhancing emergent business-IT coordination. We also find that social alignment weakens the effect of intellectual alignment on organizational inertia. This paper fills a gap in the information systems (IS) literature by providing a theory-driven explanation of the alignment paradox, which makes a significant contribution to both IS research and practice. © 2017 INFORMS.
A growing body of supply chain management (SCM) literature has relied on the premises of the resource-based view (RBV) and its extensions like the relational view (RV) to investigate resources and their relationship to performance. Recently, the practice-based view (PBV) has been proposed as a complementary theoretical foundation for strategic management research. While the PBV primarily focuses on the firm, we note that SCM practices often span firm boundaries and extend to supply chain partners. In addition, there is an opportunity to explicitly consider firm performance as both individual performance and relational performance. We do this by proposing the supply chain practice view (SCPV), in which we extend the PBV to the interorganizational level of analysis—both in terms of practices and performance. We also build upon and extend the PBV's discussion of the interaction of practices and resources by advocating that there are no discrete boundaries between practices and resources and between firm and relational performance; we conceptualize these dimensions as continua as opposed to sets of dichotomies. The SCPV complements the PBV, as well as the RBV and RV, and provides an alternative theoretical lens for the SCM discipline. © 2016 Institute for Supply Management, Inc.
Research summary: Many studies use research and development (R&D) intensity or R&D spending as a proxy for risk taking, but we have little evidence that either associates positively with firm risk. We analyze the relations between R&D intensity (R&D spending to sales) and R&D spending on the one hand and 11 different indicators of firm risk on the other, using data from 1,907 to 3,908 firms in various industries over 13 years. The analysis finds a general lack of consistent positive association between R&D and firm risk, making the use of R&D as an indicator of risk taking questionable. Furthermore, R&D intensity and spending do not correlate positively, suggesting they measure different constructs. We discuss potential reasons for these nonsignificant results. Our study demonstrates that researchers should avoid casual use of R&D as a proxy for risk taking without explicitly providing a clear definition and measurement model for risk. Managerial summary: Risk is a key construct in strategic management research. Many studies in this area measure risk taking by research and development (R&D) intensity (the ratio of R&D spending to sales) or R&D spending. However, since R&D intensity and spending have also been used to measure various other things such as information processing demands, this raises the question of whether R&D intensity and spending are valid indicators of firm risk. We examine this issue by considering the associations of R&D intensity and R&D spending with conventional measures of firm risk. We find a general lack of consistent positive association between R&D and firm risk, making the use of R&D as an indicator of risk taking questionable. Furthermore, R&D intensity and spending do not correlate positively, suggesting they measure different things. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Understanding boundary conditions, or situations when relations between variables change depending on values of other variables, is critical for theory advancement and for providing guidance for practice. Metaregression is ideally suited to investigate boundary conditions because it provides information on the presence and strength of such conditions. In spite of its potential, results of our review of 63 metaregression articles published in the Journal of Management, Journal of Applied Psychology, Personnel Psychology, Journal of Management, Academy of Management Journal, and Strategic Management Journal uncovered a surprising lack of transparency, frequently implemented erroneous practices, and a lack of attention to important methodological choices. Results also suggest that many substantive conclusions are ambiguous at best and, unbeknownst to authors and readers, potentially misleading. Drawing from our review of the substantive literature as well as the latest statistical and methodological research, we offer evidence-based best-practice recommendations on how to conduct and report the results of a metaregression study. We offer recommendations on calculating statistical power and heterogeneity, choosing an appropriate model, testing boundary condition hypotheses, adjusting R2 for known variance, explaining methodological choices, and reporting and interpreting model coefficients and other results. Also, we conducted two illustrative metaregression studies that incorporate all of our recommendations with accompanying syntax and data. Our recommendations can be used by authors, readers, journal editors, and reviewers wishing to conduct and evaluate metaregression studies, as well as practitioners interested in understanding conditions under which organizational practices are more or less likely to be effective. © 2017, © The Author(s) 2017.
Research summary: Entrepreneurial behavior is core to our understanding of entrepreneurship. Yet, research progress is hindered because most studies adopt a traditional perspective of the construct that is embedded in economic rationality and focused on for-profit ventures. Drawing on identity theory, we propose a reconceptualization that emphasizes the “identity relevance” of entrepreneurial behaviors, allows for different meanings that founders associate with entrepreneurship, and views founders as behaving in ways that they deem appropriate. Importantly, this perspective accounts for the behaviors not only of entrepreneurs who start ventures strictly out of economic self-interest, but also those who launch ventures because of concern for others—either in their community or in society at large. We elaborate on this argument and discuss ideas for future research. Managerial summary: We suggest that a concept of entrepreneurial behavior predicated on the purely rent-seeking entrepreneur ignores the increasing, and increasingly important, number of entrepreneurs who start enterprises for more than pure economic rent generation. Using identity theory permits us to parse modern entrepreneurs into three major types, namely the traditional seeker of rent, the entrepreneur who seeks to aid the community, and the entrepreneur who seeks to aid society at large. We show that using an identity perspective on entrepreneurial behavior allows us to explain very different economic and social outcomes by entrepreneur social identity type and posit the influence of entrepreneurial types in society on the evolution of a macroeconomic cycle. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society
Purpose: The real estate world finds itself at a tipping point of a transition: a dramatic and irreversible shift in (real estate) systems in society. This paper is a State of the art of Disruption, Blockchain and Real Estate in the Netherlands and international. Design/methodology/approach: The following questions were asked to all those involved: What do you think is the essence of Blockchain for real estate? What is the most current situation with respect to Blockchain and real estate from your perspective? Which publications are important from your perspective? What do you expect with respect to the impact of Blockchain on real estate for (social) real estate? What are questions for the future for real estate and Blockchain? In addition, interviews, exploratory conversations and correspondence took place, and the content was peer reviewed. Findings: Changes in value concepts affect the valuation of real estate and the thinking about it. The orientation of changing users and owners of real estate affects innovativeness, values and flexibility in managing that property. Orientation on disruption must be seen as proof that the real estate world is able to actually innovate the accumulated assets and consolidate this. The financial and real estate markets are markets that exaggerate through irrational behaviour. Fear of “eat or be eaten” determines people’s behaviour. Financial and thus real estate markets are always unstable and must always be regulated by people and organizations. Research limitations/implications: The question that remains is whether it is important to look at disruptive innovations in existing markets or newcomers in the real estate market and Blockchain. The question is whether Blockchain is only a technological disruption, or a real game changer, and whether the entire value chain of the real estate market will embrace it. No two disruptions are the same. Trust in Blockchain is a prerequisite for guiding the predictable form of that disruption where start-up companies use new technology to offer cheaper and inferior alternatives to real estate in the market. You could also talk about anti-fragile value: “Some things benefit from shocks; they thrive and grow when exposed to volatility, randomness, disorder, and stressors and love adventure, risk, and uncertainty. Yet, in spite of the ubiquity of the phenomenon, there is no word for the exact opposite of fragile. Let us call it antifragile” (Taleb, 2012), in other words: attention to disruption and Blockchain creates a viable real estate economy. Practical implications: The true meaning of the Blockchain technology for real estate still needs to be investigated. The author is still curious to understand and clarify the value of Blockchain for real estate processes. Doubt continues to exist and is therefore a feeding ground for further research, because we do not know what we have not seen. Social implications: Looking at the impact of Blockchain on real estate, a number of conclusions can be drawn. First of all, the relationship between Blockchain and real estate has not yet been proven in practice. It is expected to develop further in the form of registering transaction processes and the DNA passport of a real estate object. Secondly, completeness and transparency are the basic ingredients for trust in the system. Third, real estate wants to remain viable. For this reason, taking the offense is necessary for real estate and management to connect with social demand. Behaviour also leads to new earnings models of the social and economic spin-off of disruptive real estate. If the Dutch real estate sector embraces Blockchain and is able to realize innovations, there are opportunities for real estate entrepreneurs to exploit the disruptive character to provide those new services. Originality/value: The way in which disruption, Blockchain and real estate will develop in the coming years are not the only obvious characteristics of a particular era but also its social impact and user behaviour. This also applies to how this real estate transition can best be tracked, guided and utilized in society at the international, national and regional level. Disruptive organizations clearly respond to the viability of the (built) environment and therefore determine competitive strength. This affects the current and future valuation of real estate. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Understanding why some firms survive while others fail is a central question of strategic management research. Indeed, many consider survival the quintessential indicator of firm performance. As such, survival research is vast, but also frustratingly disjointed across several thematic areas in the organizational literature. In this review of firm survival and failure, we organize this research across three stages of firm development: new ventures, single-business units, and diversified firms. We therefore add order to the diverse survival literatures and clarify how scholars’ conceptualizations of survival differ. Notably, the conceptualization of survival of different streams reflects a multifaceted construct including three dimensions: operations, ownership, and solvency. Identifying these dimensions provides a lens that adds clarity when reviewing the literature as well as important richness to better situate future work on survival and failure. In addition, we highlight outdated assumptions prevalent in this research, which have further limited the theoretical development of survival and failure. This review also sheds light on the timely question: “who benefits or suffers from survival and failure?,” as scholars and policy-makers alike seek to understand factors that promote entrepreneurial activity and grapple at the other end of the spectrum with “too big to fail” policies. © Academy of Management Annals.
 H.E.
The new challenges that will currently affect the existence and sustainability of businesses stem from the dramatic changes that come from the fourth industrial revolution. Based on the concept of intellectual capital management as a resource-based strategic management approach, which leads to the management of structural, human, and relational capital, sustainable human resource management underlines the involvement of partnerships and external relations in learning and personal development processes. Industry 4.0 expects major changes in human resource management and processes such as education. Organizations will benefit from the new knowledge in the near future that will need to be brought into the internal environment of the organization constantly. However, this will require cooperation with the external environment, and the resulting new education opportunities built on cooperation with external partners, organizations, and educational institutions. Innovations as essential factors in adapting to major changes in the environment will be key in all organizational processes, including educational. This paper focuses on comparing highly innovative countries and less innovative countries in Central Europe, analyzing 1482 businesses by looking at differences in attitude towards employee education and individual forms of employee education. The main statistically significant difference is in the strategic approach to employee education and development and the set-up between innovative countries and moderate innovators. © 2019 by the authors.
Research summary: Globalization, increased interconnectedness, and deep integration resulted in significant increases in trade and FDI from 1989 through 2008. The recession marked the end of that trend and the rise of a broad-based opposition that has economic, social, and political components. This article explores the backlash, arguing that is driven by sociotropic perceptions. While globalization can be explained as a cyclical or structural phenomenon, I argue that technological change results in a networked global economy, the transition from a space of places to a space of flows, and increases the potential cost of devolution to the point where economic independence is no longer feasible. Nonetheless, I conclude that MNCs face a period of prolonged uncertainty and develop implications for firm strategy. Managerial summary: Globalization entailed explosive growth in trade and FDI from 1989 through 2008. The decline in both since the recession and the strident backlash may indicate the end of this wave. The economic, political, and social components of the backlash are explored, and I argue that while the economic and political factors that gave rise to globalization longer exist, structural factors—networked MNCs, dispersion of technology, and complex global supply chains—increase the cost of devolution to the point where a return to independent national markets is not feasible. We are likely to be stuck with an international economy from which we can neither withdraw nor manage effectively, a prolonged period of angst and uncertainty. I conclude with scenarios and implications for multinational firms. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society
Research summary: This article analyzes the personal, professional, associative, and institutional relationship networks in which the entrepreneur is involved and the resources embedded therein, and it proposes that an entrepreneur's social capital resources are determinants of his/her business' economic performance. The effect of social capital resources is moderated by competitive intensity in the industry and the entrepreneur's experience. A questionnaire survey and a sample of 951 small- and medium-sized firms were used to test the proposed hypotheses. Results show that economic performance is influenced more by professional and institutional network resources than by the other network resources. However, competitive intensity reduces the effect of institutional resources and increases the relevance of personal resources, whereas the entrepreneur's experience in the sector reinforces the impact of professional and institutional resources. Managerial summary: Insofar as small business entrepreneurs lack sufficient resources of their own to ensure the growth of their businesses, entrepreneurs' relationship networks can provide them with access to strategic resources. Hence, small business entrepreneurs must place all their own networks at the service of their firms. However, networks are not all equally advantageous, and each network does not prove equally advantageous in all situations. Our results show that professional and institutional networks generally contribute more to improving performance than do associative and personal networks. Moreover, as an entrepreneur's experience in the sector increases, so does the ability to exploit the advantages afforded by professional and institutional networks. In contrast, as industrial competitive intensity increases, so does the relevance of personal networks at the expense of institutional networks. Copyright © 2016 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2016 Strategic Management Society
While Porter and Kramer’s Creating Shared Value (CSV) works well as a management framework to address “win-win” business and society issues, it leaves managers ill-equipped to legitimately manage issues where they face the prospect of “win-lose” or “lose-win” social engagements. For legitimacy, managers need to bolster CSV with ethical frameworks—specifically, norm-taking and norm-making frameworks. Managers can be better positioned to create shared value through CSV+, a multi-part framework built around CSV and augmented by ethical frameworks. © The Regents of the University of California 2017.
This article contributes to the growing body of research concerning the dynamics and impact of conscious and nonconscious cognitive processes on individual and collective behavior in the workplace. Dual-process theories have occupied the center ground of this literature. However, in recent years, the field of psychology, in which these theories originated, has differentiated two fundamentally different categories of dual-process theory: default-interventionist and parallel-competitive. These alternative conceptions are predicated on incommensurable assumptions, but management and organization studies (MOS) researchers are seemingly oblivious to this important distinction, risking the development of a body of work that is fundamentally incoherent because it is predicated on psychological foundations that are untenable. Whereas default-interventionist accounts have tended to dominate MOS, we argue that parallel-competitive formulations offer a more nuanced and realistic depiction of organizational decision makers as thinking and feeling beings, as reliant on inspiration and the skillful management of emotion and intuition as on cold, calculative cognition. We explore the implications of our arguments for multiple streams of research, spanning strategic management, entrepreneurship, organizational behavior, and human resource management, united by the desire to explicate more comprehensively the behavioral microfoundations and neural substrates of managerial and organizational decision making. © Academy of Management Perspectives.
The current study explores factors relating to self-interest, corporate social responsibility, and a resource-based strategy to help predict small business performance across a number of domains including retailing and service-based industries. Combining the resource-based view and instrumental stakeholder approach, we suggest that resources such as social capital, entrepreneurial orientation, and intellectual capital along with strategic management of community as a stakeholder contribute to small business performance. Results from a national survey of small businesses supported the importance of both the resource-based view and the instrumental stakeholder approach to overall performance. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to analyse how different strategic goals of (micro-, small- and medium-sized firms=SMEs) relate to the business model innovation (BMI) paths that SMEs take when improving their business. Design/methodology/approach: The authors conducted 11 in-depth case studies involving SMEs innovating their business models (BMs). Findings: The authors found evidence that strategic goals of SMEs (start new business, growth and profitability) lead them to alternative innovation path in terms of BM components affected. Growth seekers start from the right-hand side of a BM Canvas, while profitability seekers start from the back end, the left side of a Canvas; and new businesses adopt a cyclical approach considering BM components in turn, while at the same time redesigning and testing the BM. The findings of this study also indicate that all three paths gradually lead to improvement in several BM components. Research limitations/implications: Findings indicate that a strategic management view in which strategic goals define BMI also applies to SMEs. The distinctive BMI paths that the authors identified provide evidence to suggest that, although the SMEs may not have an explicitly formulated strategy, their strategic goals determine the type of improvements they make to their BM. All three SME groups started their improvements from different BM components and changed several elements in their BMs in a specific order, forming distinctive BMI paths. Finally, to understand the BMI in SMEs better, more research is needed into BMI processes and into the way BMI is managed in SMEs. Practical implications: The findings of this study help SMEs to anticipate the next steps in their path towards an improved BM. By mirroring their approach to the BMI paths, they can better manage their BM makeover process and focus on their innovation activities. For providers of BMI tools and methods, the study indicates which SME innovation tasks could be supported by tools and how the tools should be aligned with the BMI paths. Originality/value: BMI is attracting growing attention in both research and practice. However, knowledge concerning BMI in SMEs is limited. The authors contributed to BMI research by focussing on the BMI paths of SMEs, i.e. the often sequential, non-linear and iterative steps taken to improve the business by making changes to specific BM components. © 2018, Harry Bouwman, Marikka Heikkilä and Jukka Heikkilä.
Social media platform owners often choose to provide tighter integration with their own complementary applications (i.e., first-party applications) as compared to that with other complementary third-party applications. We study the impact of such integration on consumer demand for first-party applications and competing third-party applications by exploring Facebook’s integration of Instagram, an application in its photo-sharing application ecosystem. We find that consumers obtain additional value from Instagram after its integration with Facebook, leading to a large increase in the use of Instagram for Facebook photo sharing. Further, we find that the growth of Instagram’s user base has a positive spillover e ect on big third-party applications and a negative spillover e ect on small third-party applications in Facebook’s photo-sharing ecosystem. As a result, while small third-party applications face reduced demand after integration, big third-party applications experience a small increase in demand. Thus, the overall demand for the entire photo-sharing application ecosystem actually increases, which suggests that Facebook’s integration strategy benefits the complementary market overall. Our results highlight the role of platform integration for first-party applications and the application ecosystem overall, and they have implications for strategic management of first-party applications in the presence of third-party applications. © 2016 INFORMS
Having established their first overseas operation, the next big challenge for many emerging economy multinational enterprises (EMNEs) is to align their HRs with their strategic ambition. Their lack of internationally experienced talent has become a major obstacle to strategy implementation: they need to fill leadership roles with international responsibility based abroad and at home, and they need to develop talent for future international leadership roles. The key challenge for catch-up strategies thus is to attract, develop, and retain talents who can lead international operations. In this paper, we develop a research agenda on strategic management and HRM in EMNEs that aims to explain the obstacles EMNEs face and facilitates the development of better talent management practice. In particular, we propose to integrate strategic management and HRM perspectives not only to advance theories but to enhance the relevance of both lines of scholarship to practice. © 2017, © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Research Summary: A common challenge among qualitative Strategy Process and Strategy-as-Practice scholars concerns the need to link micro-level processes and practices to organizational-level outcomes in order to make their research more managerially relevant. In this methodological article, we explore and evaluate different ways of addressing this challenge. We draw on a corpus of qualitative process and practice studies to develop and illustrate three micro–macro linking strategies associated with these perspectives: correlation, progression, and instantiation. The strengths and weaknesses of the different linking strategies are discussed, and opportunities for complementarity, combination, and development are proposed. The article reveals the distinctive but complementary contributions of Strategy Process and Strategy-as-Practice strands of scholarship to understanding how microprocesses affect macro-outcomes. Managerial Summary: Managers engage in a variety of strategic management processes and practices in order to develop and implement better strategies, achieve commitment to them from organization members, and ultimately improve organizational outcomes such as financial performance and competitive advantage. Qualitative research on these processes and practices is valuable because it can capture the detail and richness of strategic management as it is practiced in real organizations over time. Yet, it may not always be easy to see how this kind of research can derive useful knowledge about how these processes and practices actually affect outcomes. This article addresses this issue, identifying three methodological approaches (correlation; progression; instantiation) that can help scholars and managers understand these linkages, outlining their strengths and limitations. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Research summary: Examining the strategy formation process is central to understanding why some firms in entrepreneurial settings create competitive advantage and succeed while others do not. The strategy formation process, however, remains unclear. While existing work shows the value of learning from experience or having a holistic understanding of how the pieces fit together, there is limited empirical research that fuses the two streams. We first review the extant literature on strategy formation in entrepreneurial settings by organizing around this fundamental tension between strategizing by “doing” versus “thinking.” We then describe recent work that blends the two and conclude with a future research agenda. Managerial summary: An effective strategy can be the difference between becoming the next Google or Netflix or floundering as an also-ran. But how should executives in entrepreneurial settings form strategy? Are they better off letting strategy emerge incrementally by learning from experience? Or should they create a holistic understanding of the interdependent activities that constitute strategy with cognitive structures like mental models and analogies? Here, we indicate the extant research findings on strategy formation in entrepreneurial settings for each of these approaches. We also discuss the new research on how they can be effectively combined and outline an agenda for future research to help executives improve their strategy formation process. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2017 Strategic Management Society
Research summary: In this article, we analyze the impact of academic incubators on the quality of innovations produced by U.S. research-intensive academic institutions. We show that establishing a university-affiliated incubator is followed by a reduction in the quality of university innovations. The conclusion holds when we control for the endogeneity of the decision to establish an incubator using the presence of incubators at peer institutions as an instrument. We also document a reduction in licensing income following the establishment of an incubator. The results suggest that university incubators compete for resources with technology transfer offices and other campus programs and activities, such that the useful outputs they generate can be partially offset by reductions in innovation elsewhere. Managerial summary: Do university incubators drain resources from other university efforts to generate innovations with commercial relevance? Our analysis suggests that they do: after research-intensive U.S. universities establish incubators, the quality of university innovations, which we measure with patents, drops. This finding has immediate implications for practice, as it suggests that the benefits and costs of incubation should not be analyzed in isolation. Rather, the effects of incubators extend to the overall innovation performance of the university. It follows that measuring the net economic effect of incubators is challenging because besides the effects on innovation efforts, the presence of an incubator may attract particular kinds of faculty and students, enhance the prestige of the university, generate economic multiplier effects, and benefit the community as a whole. Copyright © 2016 Strategic Management Society. Copyright © 2016 Strategic Management Society
The phenomenon of big data—large, diverse, complex, and/or longitudinal data sets—is having a stark influence on organizational strategy making. An increase in levels of data and technological capabilities is redefining innovation, competition, and productivity. This article contributes to both practical strategic application and academic research in the strategic management domain by presenting a framework that identifies how big data improves functional capabilities within organizations, shapes entirely new industries, and is a key component of innovative and disruptive strategies used by learning organizations to diversify and break down barriers of traditionally defined industries. This framework provides an appropriate basis for internal corporate strategy discussions that surround big data investments by explaining how firms create value through various approaches. In addition, we offer guidance for how firms might derive their own big data approach through the merits of aligning data strategy aspirations with data strategy authenticity. © 2017 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University
Digital transformation recently converged on organizations as a new paradigm—a must-have exemplar—to enable competitive advantage. While the effects of digital transformation and their analytics, along with platform technologies, are becoming pronounced in companies, there is still a need to examine their implications on higher education. In light of the dynamics of digital transformation, how can higher education better manage the shift toward newer competencies and the need for innovation presented by the emergence of digital technologies? In this article, I examine the issues around the need for this balance—often defined in strategy as ambidexterity, or the need to address both competency with innovation—by outlining the historical trajectories that led to this problem in higher education, identifying three common pitfalls that higher education programs and administrators face, and tying these issues to higher education's absorptive capacity. To resolve these pitfalls, this article builds upon absorptive capacity frameworks for education practitioners and strategies as a prospective change management tool. © 2019 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University
Resilience has become a crucial topic in the field of strategic management as it requires companies to design resilient business models to tackle managerial and environmental disruptions of individual firms and supply chains. However, extant research still lacks deep insights into how companies design and manage supply chains according to the resilience principles. With this premise, this paper aims at conducting a state of the art review on supply chain resilience (SCR) considering 125 relevant papers collected from Scopus and Web of Science academic search engine. Starting from the results of the literature review, this study proposes a systemic framework of SCR assessment and contributes to improve the understanding of the impact of different empirically tested constructs on the development of the resilience concept. Further, the findings are summarized in several areas including barriers in developing resilience, metrics to measure the resilience performance, and effective strategies to foster the SCR. Finally, this study outlines promising future research directions for scholars and practitioners. © 2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP Environment
Contingent rerouting for enhancing supply chain resilience from supplier behavior perspective (2016) International Transactions in Operational Research
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the organizational effectiveness of internal crisis communication within the strategic management approach, whether it enhanced voluntary and positive employee communication behaviors (ECBs) for sensemaking and sensegiving. By doing so, this study provides meaningful insight into: new crisis communication theory development that takes a strategic management approach, emphasizing employees’ valuable assets from an organization, and effective crisis communication practice that reduces misalignment with employees and that enhances voluntary and positive ECBs for the organization during a crisis. Design/methodology/approach: This study conducted a nationwide survey in the USA among full-time employees (n=544). After dimensionality check through confirmatory factor analysis, this study tested hypothesis and research question by conducting ordinary least squares multiple regression analyses using STATA 13. Findings: This study found that strategic internal communication factors, including two-way symmetrical communication and transparent communication, were positive and strong antecedents of ECBs for sensemaking and sensegiving in crisis situations, when controlling for other effects. The post hoc analysis confirmed theses positive and strong associations across different industry areas. Originality/value: This study suggests that voluntary and valuable ECBs can be enhanced by listening and responding to employee concerns and interests; encouraging employee participation in crisis communication; and organizational accountability through words, actions and decisions during the crisis. As a theoretical implication, the results of this study indicate the need for crisis communication theories that emphasize employees as valuable assets to an organization. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Research Summary: While extant research recognizes the importance of collective action for market formation, it provides little understanding about when and to what extent collective action is important. In this article, we develop a novel theoretical framework detailing what collective action problems and solutions arise in market formation and under what conditions. Our framework centers on the development of market infrastructure with three key factors that influence the nature and extent of collective action problems: perceived returns to contributions, excludability, and contribution substitutability. We apply our framework to diverse market formation contexts and derive a set of attendant propositions. Finally, we show how collective action problems and solutions evolve during market formation efforts and discuss how our framework contributes to strategic management, entrepreneurship, and organization literatures. Managerial Summary: This article lays out the key considerations that players operating in new markets should contemplate when making nontrivial investments in those spaces. As collective action problems can thwart efforts to establish new markets, we ask: When and under what conditions should market players collaborate rather than act independently? And if players collaborate, how should they coordinate to establish a new market? To address these research questions, we develop a novel generalizable framework of collective action in market formation. Our framework assesses the presence and type of collective action problems that hinder market formation and identifies potential solutions tied to those collective action problems. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Purpose: How has upper echelons theory (UET) (Hambrick and Mason, 1984) been evolving over time? Through the historical discussion, this paper aims to provide an updated – and also innovative from some aspects – big picture on this famous approach to strategic management. In fact, after more than 30 years since its original conceptualization, the authors believe that the UE field is mature enough for a critical attempt to provide all those scholars and practitioners interested in strategic leadership with a comprehensive ground for future analyses, a ground which, to the authors’ knowledge, is still missing. Design/methodology/approach: The authors mostly use a historical narrative to offer a critical account of the conceptual and methodological developments occurring under UE lenses over time. The authors believe that the historical approach can be particularly useful because it can help understand and explain why and how these developments have been conjectured and implemented. Findings: Two mainly intertwined insights emerge from our analysis: on the one hand, the developments subsequent to the seminal 1984 UE model have gradually, although constantly, reduced its strongly voluntarist assumptions on strategic leadership toward more moderated co-evolutionary lenses; on the other hand, the emerging psychological and cognitive moderators of UE variables are presently reinforcing the centrality of dominant coalitions, in that they affect their decision-making processes and strategic choices. Originality/value: From the critical discussion, a possible updated UE model based on co-evolutionary lenses finally emerges. Prospective research avenues in this management field are also provided. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Research summary: Prior theory suggests that the performance effects of a firm's diversification strategy depend on a firm's individual resources and capabilities and the setting within which it is operating. However, prior tests of this theory have examined the average diversification-performance relationship across all firms, instead of estimating the diversification-performance relationship at the individual firm level. Efforts to estimate this average relationship are inconsistent with a central assumption of much of strategic management theory—that firms maximize value by choosing strategies that exploit their heterogeneous resources and individual situation. By adopting an approach that allows an evaluation of the diversification-performance relationship for individual firms, this article shows that firms, both focused and diversified, tend to choose that diversification strategy—focus, related diversification, or unrelated diversification—that maximizes value. Managerial summary: Instead of a universal diversification discount or premium, this article shows that the effect of diversification on performance is heterogeneously distributed across firms and that firms tend to be rational in their diversification decisions. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Exploration and exploitation are two generic strategies of firms' adaptation to their environments. However, the effectiveness and reliability of these approaches are not fully understood when the business environment is undergoing a major crisis. Building on organizational adaptation, strategic fit, and organizational decline streams of literature, we develop a framework that examines exploration and exploitation in crisis contexts. We argue that the severity of crisis a firm is exposed to acts as a positive contingency for the impact of exploration on firm performance level and variability, and as a negative contingency for exploitation's level and variability effects. Employing the multiplicative heteroscedasticity regression model on the data from 500 Russian SMEs, we test the proposed theoretical framework linking exploration and exploitation activities to the distribution of firm performance under different conditions of the firm-specific crisis severity. The results provide an improved understanding of strategic management approaches under economic crises and related turbulence. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Purpose: There is considerable research examining the consequences and contingency factors of customer participation in the service encounter. In comparison, there is disproportionately less research examining the antecedents of customer participation. This paper aims to propose and test an appraisal-emotive framework of the effects of front-line employees’ in-role and extra-role behaviours on customer participation. Design/methodology/approach: A survey on 583 customers of retail banks in China has been conducted to test the framework. Structural equation modelling and dominance analysis have been used for hypotheses testing. Findings: Employees’ extra-role behaviour (i.e. organisational citizenship behaviour or OCB) has a stronger effect than their in-role behaviour (i.e. role-prescribed behaviour) in inducing customer participation. These effects are mediated by customer emotions. Specifically, the effect of employees’ in-role behaviour on customer participation was mediated by customers’ positive and negative emotions, whereas the effect of employees’ OCB was mediated by customers’ positive emotions but not by their negative emotions. Practical implications: The findings reveal that strategic management of employee behaviours can influence customer participation. While organisations often provide training to enhance employees’ in-role behaviour to deliver service performance, they should also recognise and encourage employees’ OCB as a means of increasing customer participation. In particular, employees who display positive emotions tend to evoke positive emotions in customers, which increase customer participation in the service encounter. Originality/value: To the authors’ knowledge, this is one of the few studies in marketing to examine the differential effects of employees’ in-role and extra-role behaviours on customer participation. Importantly, the findings show that employees’ OCB is not only more effective than employees’ in-role behaviour in influencing customer participation but also these two behaviours have varying effects on customer emotions. These findings are new and contribute to the literatures on customer participation, value co-creation and human resource management. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: With its focus on the context of small firm internationalization, this paper aims to assess the important contribution of strategic determinants that influence export performance (EP), considering the mediating effect of competitive strategy. Design/methodology/approach: Based on survey data from 247 Portuguese small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) exporting textiles, members of the Portugal’s Textile Association (ATP), this research adopted a quantitative methodological approach, conducting an exploratory and transversal empirical study. Findings: The paper finds suggest that entrepreneurial orientation (EO) has a positive and significant influence on differentiation and EP. Moreover, the results also highlight the role of intangible resources (IR) in the design of both differentiation and cost leadership strategies, which drives EP. Finally, absorptive capabilities (ACAPs) are highly related with EP. Practical implications: The paper provides empirical evidence that EO, IR and ACAPs are predictors of competitive strategies and EP. Moreover, and alongside with firm’s resources, this study validates that competitive strategy does matters for small firm managers and the development of one type of competitive advantage is also a major performance enhancer. Originality/value: This study provides fresh insights into entrepreneurship and strategic management literature, as it considers the importance of multiple factors to SMEs business growth. Moreover, this paper presents empirical evidences of the strategies that small firm managers should pursue and policy makers should support. Finally, this is an original study applied to the Portuguese textile industry. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Global climate change is manifest by local-scale changes in precipitation and temperature patterns, including the frequency of extreme weather events (EWEs). EWEs are associated with a myriad range of adverse environmental and societal consequences, including negative impacts to agriculture and food production. This study focuses on EWEs and their effect on adaptation strategies by potato and onion farmers in Zeeland, a Dutch coastal province in the Rhine delta that can serve as a model for other intensive agricultural landscapes in industrialized nations impacted by extreme weather events. The research approach combines quantitative trend analysis of long-term climatic data (temperature, precipitation) with a formal survey of Zeelandic farmers to statistically test four specific hypotheses regarding the frequency of EWEs in the Netherlands and farmer awareness and adaptation. Trend analyses reveal a strong (statistically significant) increase in extreme heat, a small increase in extreme rainfall and drought, and a strong decrease in frost occurrence. Survey results indicate Zeelandic farmers perceive high risk and awareness of changes to the frequency of EWEs. Many farmers have experienced financial losses from EWEs, particularly between 2017 and 2020. For extreme heat, droughts, and frost, the proportion of farmers that incurred financial damages annually is statistically correlated to the actual occurrence of EWEs. Farmers who incurred more financial losses between 2000 and 2020 due to heat and lack of frost had a higher risk perception of these extremes. Further, almost all farmers have already implemented one or more adaptation strategies. A third of surveyed farmers reduced or stopped with potato and onion cultivation in response to climate change and EWEs. Awareness, exposure to, and risk perception of EWEs contribute to adaptation support by farmers. The high perceived risk of climate change and EWEs among respondents and the high incidence of financial losses from extremes in the past two decades highlights the importance of adaptation in the agricultural sector, including in temperate regions where growing seasons are expanding. Study results support the current ‘Rural Development Program’ and future ‘National Strategic Plan’ policies in the Netherlands, both part of the European Union's Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), that provides accessibility to adaptation measures for farmers to avoid financial loss. © 2022 The Authors
Throughout the years all data from epidemiological, physiological and omics have suggested that the microbial communities play a considerable role in modulating human health. The population of microorganisms residing in the human intestine collectively known as microbiota presents a genetic repertoire that is higher in magnitude than the human genome. They play an essential role in host immunity and neuronal signaling. Rapid enhancement of sequence based screening and development of humanized gnotobiotic model has sparked a great deal of interest among scientists to probe the dynamic interactions of the commensal bacteria. This review focuses on systemic analysis of the gut microbiome to decipher the complexity of the host-microbe intercommunication and gives a special emphasis on the evolution of targeted precision medicine through microbiome engineering. In addition, we have also provided a comprehensive description of how interconnection between metabolism and biochemical reactions in a specific organism can be obtained from a metabolic network or a flux balance analysis and combining multiple datasets helps in the identification of a particular metabolite. The review highlights how genetic modification of the critical components and programming the resident microflora can be employed for targeted precision medicine. Inspite of the ongoing debate on the utility of gut microbiome we have explored on the probable new therapeutic avenues like FMT (Fecal microbiota transplant) can be utilized. This review also recapitulates integrating human-relevant 3D cellular models coupled with computational models and the metadata obtained from interventional and epidemiological studies may decipher the complex interactome of diet-microbiota-disease pathophysiology. In addition, it will also open new avenues for the development of therapeutics derived from microbiome or implementation of personalized nutrition. In addition, the identification of biomarkers can also help towards the development of new diagnostic tools and eventually will lead to strategic management of the disease. Inspite of the ongoing debate on the utility of the gut microbiome we have explored how probable new therapeutic avenues like FMT (Fecal microbiota transplant) can be utilized. This review also summarises integrating human-relevant 3D cellular models coupled with computational models and the metadata obtained from interventional and epidemiological studies may decipher the complex interactome of diet- microbiota-disease pathophysiology. In addition, it will also open new avenues for the development of therapeutics derived from the microbiome or implementation of personalized nutrition. In addition, the identification of biomarkers can also help towards the development of new diagnostic tools and eventually will lead to strategic management of disease. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Managing a tourism destination is fraught with complexity, with a general consensus that no single entity can manage the comprehensive multiplicity of stakeholders and offerings involved. In this study we take a unique approach by examining tourism destination management through a strategic net lens, where the Destination Management Organisation (DMO) is an intentionally developed strategic net involving a restrictive group of stakeholders, which coordinates and manages the value creating activities of actors in the destination. Our empirical findings are based on the investigation of three strategic net case sites within the Irish tourism industry. We identify net partnering, net visioning and net orchestration capability, which generate and modify operating routines, by integrating, building, and reconfiguring the resources and capabilities of network actors. These dynamic capabilities are developed through the co-evolving learning processes of experience accumulation, knowledge articulation and knowledge codification. Our study contributes to a better understanding of how strategic nets operate, the dynamic capabilities required for the net to function, and the learning processes which underpin them. © 2022 The Authors
Russian Doll, an independently owned and operated small ethnic restaurant serving handcrafted Russian food, opened its doors on January 1, 2015 in a rural river town in Southeast Missouri. The owner, Ana, had mastered many of her home country’s recipes and excelled in the kitchen. Her restaurant focused on introducing American audience to Russian culinary delights and culture, featuring authentic, made-to-order fare and a neighborly atmosphere. Ana had long dreamed of her own restaurant but without prior industry experience or formal training running the business wasn’t easy. In December 2015, after 1 year of operations, Ana found herself wondering how to proceed. Was Russian Doll a feasible entrepreneurial enterprise to begin with? Could Ana’s business be saved or was it time to call it quits and shut down? © The Author(s) 2022.
Companies neither fully exploit the potential of Artificial Intelligence (AI), nor that of Machine Learning (ML), its most prominent method. This is true in particular of marketing, where its possible use extends beyond mere segmentation, personalization, and decision-making. We explore the drivers of and barriers to AI and ML in marketing by adopting a dual strategic and behavioral focus, which provides both an inward (AI and ML for marketers) and an outward (AI and ML for customers) perspective. From our mixed-method approach (a Delphi study, a survey, and two focus groups), we derive several research propositions that address the challenges facing marketing managers and organizations in three distinct domains: (1) Culture, Strategy, and Implementation; (2) Decision-Making and Ethics; (3) Customer Management. Our findings contribute to better understanding the human factor behind AI and ML, and aim to stimulate interdisciplinary inquiry across marketing, organizational behavior, psychology, and ethics. © 2022 The Authors
Policy makers, regulators, and banking supervisors are increasingly assigning significant financial resources to change consumption, production, and business models to be more environmentally friendly. Effective climate risk management and sustainable economic development both require the full involvement of an economy's financial system, particularly in countries with both a well-developed banking system and a high rate of vulnerability to climate change. How can an economy efficiently use the financial system to help tackle climate change? What choices are the banks making to combat climate risks while protecting the interests of stakeholders? How can these decisions be properly assessed? Our analysis offers a unique approach to addressing these concerns by using empirical data to create a spectrum of climate risk standards that allows us to assess the strategic position of each bank. The result is a positioning map of Italian banks on the strategic and organizational choices they have made for climate risk management is displayed. These results confirm the need for seeking greater organizational efforts in particular areas of financial management that can strengthen the fight against climate change. These results also offer useful insights for policy and managerial orientations to better protect the interests of stakeholders. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
We study the strategic value of cooperation between competitors in sourcing. Two firms procure from a supplier and sell to markets with uncertain demand. The firms can unilaterally procure from the supplier but obtain products from each other on a needed basis, which we call horizontal sourcing, or procure from the supplier together, which we call joint sourcing. Either horizontal or joint sourcing enables the firms to mitigate quantity pressure and improve selling (save cost) when the supplier offers a sufficiently weak (strong) discount incentive, making them strategic substitutes. The two sourcing strategies are complements as well because the firms can redeploy resources in between to profit from the synergies between markets only by horizontal sourcing. The firms profit more by joint sourcing than horizontal sourcing for the higher efficiency gain received from cost reduction (market selling improvement) when the supplier's discount incentive is strong (weak). Once the firms adopt joint sourcing, strategic substitutability causes them to forgo horizontal sourcing when markets are deterministic, but strategic complementarity can entice them to further adopt horizontal sourcing when markets are volatile. Once the firms adopt horizontal souring, they always have an incentive to further engage in joint sourcing. Empowered to manage wholesale pricing, the supplier can deter the firms from adopting joint sourcing but develop horizontal sourcing into an instrument that benefits every party in the supply chain, unless the competition pressure on the firms is strong and the supplier's production cost is sufficiently high. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: The formal adoption of internal auditing within the South African public sector was made compulsory by the Public Finance Management Act, No. 1 of 1999. Despite internal auditing’s primary role of adding value and assisting organisations to accomplish pre-defined strategic objectives, the increasing frequency of service delivery protests in South Africa, suggests that mandatory internal auditing may not have contributed to improving public sector performance and enhancing service delivery, as envisaged. This paper aims to identify the factors preventing internal audits from effectively contributing to improved public sector performance and service delivery. Design/methodology/approach: The study adopted a sequential mixed-methods research approach. Firstly, a survey instrument was used to collect empirical data from survey respondents at South African national government departments. Secondly, semi-structured interviews and focus group discussions were held with a purposively selected sample of participants to explore the observations from the first phase. The observations from the first two phases were validated through an analysis of pertinent documents and records. Findings: Despite all departments adopting internal auditing, management’s expectations of internal auditing and the services provided by the internal audit function diverged. The results suggest that the emergence of a compliance approach to organisational governance together with poor performance management skills has impaired internal auditing’s ability to effectively contribute to strategic and performance management. Research limitations/implications: Despite its South African orientation, as internal auditing is a global association and given that service delivery protests continue to occur in several countries around the world, increases the study’s international relevance. Moreover, the mandate of internal auditing requires it to add value to an organisation irrespective of its geographical location. Originality/value: The study contributes to the existing body of knowledge on internal auditing, particularly its adoption and implementation in the South African public sector. In addition to identifying the factors inhibiting effective internal auditing, the study advances a suggested framework for the future of internal auditing. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Research Summary: This study builds on insights from the upper echelons tradition in strategy to examine the effects of chief executive officer (CEO) Machiavellianism on relevant firm costs. While Machiavellianism has been usually construed as a purely negative trait, we argue that the pragmatic focus on the outcomes of exchanges and psychological obsession with winning in transactions that Machiavellian CEOs infuse in their organizations can have important effects on firm cost, a fundamental but frequently understudied driver of financial performance in strategic management research. In line with our arguments, we find that CEO Machiavellianism has negative effects on production costs, financing costs, and acquisition premiums. We find support for our ideas with a sample of S&P 500 CEOs, operationalizing CEO Machiavellianism using a videometric approach. Managerial Summary: In this study, we investigate the effect of CEO Machiavellianism on firms’ costs. We show that firms with more Machiavellian CEOs will have lower costs than other firms in the market. Rather counterintuitively, this study suggests an explanation for why a personal characteristic that is usually seen as problematic for organizations is rather common in their upper ranks. Ultimately, the study demonstrates the value of the bargaining attitude that Machiavellian CEOs bring to their organizations and suggests this value should be weighed against their risks or acknowledged to manage the risks this common personal characteristic implies. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Background: During the COVID-19 pandemic, hospitals have been the most important centers for the virus spread. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the management of infection control in central corona hospitals in Kashan using the quantitative strategic planning matrix (QSPM) matrix. Methods: The existing documents studied the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of the organization identified by environmental health experts. The internal and external factors were identified as internal factor evaluation (IFE) and external factor evaluation (EFE) matrices, respectively, then, prioritized and weighted. In the next step, the SWOT matrix was formed and the type of used strategy by the organization was determined, and solutions to improve the current situation were presented by experts. Finally, the attractiveness table was compiled and weighted using the QSPM method to prioritize the proposed strategies. Results: After identifying 25 strengths, 28 weaknesses, 15 opportunities, and 13 threats, weighting was performed, the final score for internal and external factors was 2.6475 and 2.3825, respectively. The final strategy for implementing COVID-19 disease control in the studied hospitals was the Conservative Strategy (WO). Based on this, six control strategies were presented. The priority and attractiveness of each strategy were evaluated using the QSPM matrix. Finally, the strategy of “structuring the system and providing and upgrading the equipment and infrastructure facilities” was implemented as a priority. Conclusion: According to the results, the combination of SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) and QSPM methods can play an efficient role in identifying and evaluating the factors affecting the management of the COVID-19 pandemic in hospitals and further developing and prioritizing control strategies for this infectious disease. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Kerman University of Medical Sciences.
Local Civil Protection planning is a key aspect of the emergency preparedness, resulting to be strategic for all phases of Disaster Risk Management. The Civil Protection plan is the instrument allowing authorities to coordinate and implement actions to protect people, dwellings and infrastructures when a disaster occurs. In Italy, law 100 of July 12th, 2012, enforced municipalities to draw up Civil Protection plans. As a consequence, a large number of municipalities outsourced the work to external practitioners without a real shared cooperation, resulting in most of the plans to be methodological and poorly operational. Today in Italy the 88% of the municipalities have formally adopted an Civil Protection plan, but their operability and applicability can be barely assessed by territorial civil protection authorities. In this paper, the authors propose a two-level assessment method that allows assessing the completeness, coherence and operability of Civil Protection plans, and applied them to a case study. The methodology, in both versions, prove to be effective to perform a fast assessment of the status of civil protection planning at a territorial level, suitable to prioritize civil protection actions and addresses. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
From the perspective of the organizational learning theory, this study examines the effects of power distance diversification, government ownership, and foreign ownership on business group performance. To test the hypotheses, the study collects data from the top 100 Taiwanese business groups from 1999 to 2013. The results reveal an S-shaped relationship between power distance diversification and business group performance. It also reveals a decline, increase, and decline in performance in the low-, moderate-, and high levels of power distance diversification, respectively. The government and foreign ownership exert negative and positive moderating effects, respectively, on the S-shaped relationship. Finally, this study has important theoretical and managerial implications for strategic and international business management. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
On March 11, 2011, the Great East Japan Earthquake triggered a series of catastrophes in Japan. The sheer magnitude of this compound disaster—known as the 3/11 disaster—raises a question whether it was simply unavoidable. However, this study demonstrates that the 3/11 disaster could have been significantly reduced by strategic ecological planning, if not avoided altogether. Using an environmental inventory developed by the Japan National Land Agency (JNLA) in 1980, we conducted a retrospective multi-hazard risk assessment for Tohoku through map overlay. We found that 89 % of the damaged highways, 88.2 % of the damaged buildings, and 81 % of the wrecked Fukushima nuclear power plants and associated facilities in the 3/11 disaster are subject to high risks of one or more hazards identified in the 1980 environmental inventory. This implies that the historic data has “predicted” the major damages in the 3/11 disaster occurred 31 years later. A similar assessment using the 2019 risk data by Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) shows that this current risk mapping, nevertheless, largely fails to indicate the aforementioned damages. Our study suggests that even simple “map overlay” can be instrumental to multi-hazard risk assessment; however, for map overlay to be effective, a high-quality environmental inventory map with integrated and comprehensive risk information is necessary, and thus risk mapping quality matters. To reduce compound disasters, the political will is most important to ensure that the results of multi-hazard risk assessment is taken into account in spatial planning. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: This study aims to investigate the relationships between firms’ strategic planning (SP), leadership and technology transfer competence (TTC) by specifically incorporating the mediating role of strategic quality management (SQM). Design/methodology/approach: This study performs structural equation modeling using AMOS on survey data collected from 200 Turkish firms operating in multiple industries and sectors. Findings: This study finds that leadership in Turkish firms operating in multiple sectors is positively associated with SQM. This study further finds that SQM positively influences Turkish firms’ TTC and mediates the roles of SP and leadership in TTC. Research limitations/implications: A key research implication from this study relates to the mediating role of SQM in TTC in an emerging economy context. This study highlights that SP and leadership can play an essential role in TTC through the mediating mechanism of SQM. Consequently, SQM emerges as a crucial linking pin in conveying the impact of quality management practices on technology transfer in emerging markets. Practical implications: An essential managerial implication of this study relates to the critical roles of leadership, SP and SQM in TTC. For the managers of firms operating in a relatively uncertain emerging context such as Turkey, it is essential to adopt a supportive and empowering leadership style, where open communication and innovative activities are viewed positively and SQM is adopted holistically. Also, SP should be streamlined throughout the firm and followed by SQM to support TTC. Originality/value: This paper links the technology (and knowledge) management and the strategy and leadership literature streams by focusing on the mechanisms of technology transfer and delving into the linkages between SQM, leadership, SP and TTC. It specifically presents SP and leadership as precursors to SQM in their joint influence on TTC. Accordingly, this research bridges technology, strategy and leadership research and provides a broader picture of technology transfer that encompasses the joint role of different processes in firms’ TTC. © 2022, Gulin Idil Sonmezturk Bolatana, Ismail Golgeci, Ahmad Arslan, Ekrem Tatoglu, Selim Zaim and Sitki Gozlu.
Repatriates’ knowledge is mostly under-used in companies, necessitating systematic research to identify factors that facilitate successful knowledge transfer (KT). However, despite significant differences between two groups of repatriates (company-assigned and self-initiated), research on KT has focused only on the former. Drawing on the organizational embeddedness perspective and the ability-motivation-opportunity (AMO) framework, we take a multi-angled view to explore the KT of self-initiated repatriates (SIRs). We conduct two qualitative studies in China to investigate the perspectives of both SIRs and HR professionals. The results suggest that organizational embeddedness influences the ability, motivation, and opportunity of SIRs to apply and share knowledge. We also find that companies do not implement SIR-targeted HR practices to manage their KT due to the low perceived value of SIRs’ knowledge. Our findings highlight the importance of mutual effort from both sides to enhance the embeddedness of SIRs and their KT. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
This study explores the configurations of people management practices in micro-firms and their relation with entrepreneurial orientation and firm performance in a four-year window. Based on the ability-, motivation- and opportunity-focused practices framework, we identify configurations of HRM practices used in micro-firms and, in conjugation with entrepreneurial orientation, how they affect employee growth and net income. We analyzed data collected from 114 micro-firm owners combined with firm objective performance measures using Multiple Correspondence Analysis and Cluster Analysis. Results show a taxonomy of three configurations of HRM practices associated with different entrepreneurial orientation strategic postures in micro-firms: “Financial centric HRM practices”, “Operations centric HRM practices”, and “People centric HRM practices”. We assume that configurational methods can help uncover the complexity of the interplay between HRM practices and strategic postures on micro-firm performance. This study contributes to the literature in micro-firms by revealing effective people-related managerial practices on performance. © 2022 The Authors
This paper presents the behavior of bidding above marginal cost, called economic withholding, for price-maker generating companies under wind uncertainty. Economic withholding prevents some lower cost resources from supplying the demand, and compels the ISO to buy more costly resources to meet the load, therefore result in higher market clearing prices than what the competitive outcome would have been. We formulate the underlying economic withholding problem under uncertainty as a robust bilevel optimization problem, where the generating company makes a robust decision in the presence of continuous uncertain variables in order to maximize its overall profit and guarantee the revenue security in the worst-case scenario. This formulation provides an alternative distribution-free equilibrium concept. A practical solution methodology is proposed to drive the exact reformulation of the robust bilevel optimization resulted in Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) problem which is scalable and can be easily implemented in practical portfolio optimization and operation. Simulation results confirm the effectiveness of the proposed framework to provide optimum economic withholding decision. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Research Summary: We introduce a new database which provides an unprecedented window into the off-the-job lives and interests of public firm top executives as reflected by their personal income allocation. We construct this database by matching household credit card spending data with the population of executives in Execucomp. To overcome the significant computational challenges associated with matching these data, we build on the statistical record-linking literature in a way that allows us to generate reliable matches with limited information. To facilitate research exploring new questions made possible with this database, we make our matching crosswalk freely available for academic use. Managerial Summary: This article describes the matching procedures associated with the development of a database which sheds new light on the revealed preferences of public firm top executives. Prior work on upper echelons has routinely stressed how preferences and characteristics of top executives often manifest in firm behaviors and are important predictors of firm outcomes. Nevertheless, the lack of a reliable paper trail capturing executive preferences, particularly at a large scale, has been a friction slowing comprehensive empirical research on this topic. We describe how we address this limitation by linking top executives listed in the database Execucomp with credit card spending data provided by the consumer data provider L2 and outline a number of new research questions made possible by our matching efforts. The results of our matching efforts (Execucomp-L2 unique identifier crosswalk) are available at https://github.com/dfehder/FRT_2022_SMJ_CEO_TopExec_Preferences. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Background: Management decisions in health influence patient care outcomes; however, health management development courses in China are rare. This study aims to document and evaluate a transnational Master of Health Administration (MHA) course launched in 2000 for the benefit of Chinese health managers. Methods: A case study of the MHA program jointly run by an Australian university and a Chinese Medical University was conducted. We reviewed the development of the MHA course through a document analysis (key events recorded in achieves, minutes, and audits) followed by reflection (by two course coordinators), extracting key themes related to adaptative strategies. We then conducted a questionnaire survey of 139 graduates seeking their views on relevance, satisfaction and challenges associated with each subject within the course, the relevance of key management skills (as determined by the Australasian College of Health Service Management competency framework), and the impact of the course on their personal career trajectories. Chi-square tests identified differences in the responses by age, gender, pre-training position, and current workplace. Results: The curriculum pedagogy followed the principles of practice-based reflective learning. Research findings and student feedback shaped the curriculum design and subject content, to enhance management practices of the students. Survey participants expressed high levels of satisfaction and confirmed the relevance of all study subjects. Two subjects, health economics and data management, were perceived as being the most challenging. Of the ten management skills we assessed, relatively low self-rated confidence was found in “strategic thinking” and “planning”. Younger and less experienced graduates were more likely to report learning challenges (p < 0.05). Frontline managers were least likely to obtain promotion by changing employers (χ2 = 6.02, p < 0.05) or being seconded to another position (χ2 = 9.41, p < 0.01). Conclusions: This case study illustrates the suitability of cross-country partnerships in health management training, which offers opportunities for managers to systematically explore and acquire a comprehensive set of management skills applicable to their career needs. Opportunities for developing training aligned to career development opportunities are critical for attracting and developing a competent and well-prepared health service management workforce in China. © 2022, The Author(s).
Evacuation traffic management has been implemented in large-scale disaster evacuations (such as hurricanes) to facilitate traffic flow and reduce travel delay. The outcomes of these strategies were quantified via traffic simulation but were assumed to have no/limited impacts on households' evacuation-related decisions. This study analyzed and modeled the impact of these strategies on five evacuation related household choices (evacuate/stay, departure time, route, vehicle, and destination) separately based on 415 responses collected from a stated preference survey. The survey was conducted in 2017 in coastal areas near Hampton Roads. Traffic management is likely to motivate some (32%) households to evacuate instead of sheltering in place. In addition, not all households take the interstates with traffic management even though route choice is the most likely to be affected by traffic management. Households need more information for their departure time and destination choices in response to traffic management since they are more likely to feel uncertain of the impact of the strategies on these decisions. Such uncertainty in departure time and destination choice is especially true for those who evacuate late and for those who choose accommodations other than the home of friends/relatives. Emergency management agencies should also be aware that some households may intentionally depart before traffic management starts. Among the five choices, vehicle use is the choice that is least likely to be affected. All the above-mentioned findings potentially affect parameter specifications in evacuation traffic simulation studies. This study then used multinomial logit models to estimate the impacts of traffic management on each of the five evacuation related choices. The model estimation results can help improve evacuation demand predictions and guide evacuation information dissemination. © 2022 The Authors
Microplastic pollution in the soil environment has gathered widespread attention. However, little is known about the effects of land use and landscape patterns on the occurrence and distribution of microplastics in the soil. Herein, the microplastic pollution in different land uses (facility farmland, traditional farmland, orchard, grassland, and woodland) in Yuanmou County, Yunnan Province was investigated. The results showed that the abundance of microplastic ranged from 50.000 to 3450.0 items·kg−1, with an average abundance of 595.00 ± 740.00 items·kg−1 and a median of 375.00 items·kg−1. Microplastics were found to primarily be green-coloured (28.4 %), fragment (72.7 %) in shape, <1 mm (75.7 %) in size, and composed of polypropylene (51.4 %). There were significant differences in the abundance and characteristics of the microplastics between different land use types. Microplastic abundance in facility farmlands, traditional farmlands, and orchard lands was significantly higher than that of grasslands and woodlands (p < 0.05). The main shape of the microplastics in facility farmlands, traditional farmlands, and orchards was fragments and it was fibers in grasslands and woodlands. The median particle size of microplastics in facility farmlands (539.50 μm) and traditional farmlands (574.00 μm), was smaller than those in the orchard (737.60 μm), grasslands (697.60 μm), and woodlands (1239.4 μm). Discrepancies among different land uses may be due to various reasons, such as different pollution sources and the weathering degree of microplastics. The results of the redundancy analysis showed that the microplastic abundance was negatively correlated with the largest patch index. It also showed that microplastic pollution was closely related to human activities. This study provides an important basis for further research on microplastic ecosystem risks that are associated with land use and provides a data basis for formulating effective prevention and control strategies and measures to mitigate soil microplastic pollution. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
This paper is aimed to carry out the historical analysis of various state strategies concerning their role in housing provision to the citizens and to define the relevant results. The author strives to demonstrate also the severity of the actual problem and to propose a conceptual basis that could help to outline new strategic tasks. The study used historical and logical analysis of recent trends caused by long-lasting legal limitations which were not taken into account in most studies as to housing policy. About 80% of all houses in the cities, which have been built up to 1980, stay not yet been repaired and, to prevent collapse, require urgent major repair and modernization. The rising tariff for housing services, unlike all post-socialist countries, does not include a renovation component which could double the actual household housing expenses. In recent years half of all families in the country have applied for subsidies to pay for raised-in-times utility services. The challenge arises of how to transform their housing property. The similar international practice and Ukrainian management experience are not sufficient. The main housing policy problem is the mismatch between the housing provision and the lack of legal and financial opportunities for sustainable satisfaction. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
It has been well recognized that the Fenton reaction requires a rigorous pH control and suffers from the fast self-degradation of H2O2. In an effort to resolve the technical demerits of the conventional Fenton reaction, particular concern on the use of CaO2-based Fenton reaction was paid in this study. To realize the practical use of CaO2 in the Fenton reaction for groundwater remediation, it could be of great importance to control its reaction rate in the subsurface. As such, this study laid great emphasis on the combined process of electrochemical oxidation and CaO2-based Fenton oxidation, using 1,2-dichloroethane (1,2-DCA) as a model compound. It was hypothesized that the reaction rate is also highly contingent on the formation of Fe(II) (stemmed from iron anode oxidation). Eighty percent of 1,2-DCA were degraded by the CaO2-based Fenton reaction. The final pH was neutral, inferring that the reaction could be a viable option for the subsurface environment. Moreover, the supply of electric current in an iron anode expedited 1,2-DCA degradation efficiency from 35 % to 62 % via electrically generated Fe(II), which donated electrons to H2O2, producing more hydroxyl radicals. An anode-cathode configuration from the single-well system enhanced the degradation of 1,2-DCA, with less amount of energy consumption than the double-well system. Based on results, CaO2-based electro-Fenton oxidation can remove well 1,2-DCA in groundwater and can be a strategic measure for groundwater remediation. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Current approaches to measure ecosystem services (ES) within natural capital (NC) and nature-based solutions (NbS) assessments are generally coarse, often using a single figure for ecosystem services (e.g., nutrient remediation or blue carbon sequestration) applied to the local or national habitat stock, which fails to take account of local ecosystem conditions and regional variability. As such, there is a need for improved understanding of the link between habitat condition and ES provision, using comparable indicators in order to take more informed management decisions. Here the UK, Solent Marine Sites (SEMS) is used as a case study system to demonstrate how Water Framework Directive (WFD) ‘ecological status’ and other indicators of ecosystem condition (state or quality) can be coupled with habitat extent information to deliver a more precise locally-tailored NC approach for active coastal and marine habitat restoration. Habitat extent and condition data are collected for seven NbS relevant coastal habitats (littoral sediment, mat-forming green macroalgae, subtidal sediment, saltmarsh, seagrass, reedbeds and native oyster beds). The workflow includes: 1) biophysical assessment of regulatory ES; 2) monetary valuation; and 3) compilation of future scenarios of habitat restoration and creation. The results indicate that incorporating classifications by condition indices into local NC extent accounts improved ES benefits by 11–67%. This suggests that omitting condition from NC assessments could lead to undervaluation of ES benefits. Future scenarios of restoration in the SEMS also show that the additional regulatory benefits of reaching ‘Good’ ecological status are £376 million annually, but could be as much as £1.218 billion if ‘High‘status and all habitat creation targets were met. This evidence of the potential value of restoration and importance of including condition indices in assessments is highly relevant to consider when investing in water ecosystems conservation and restoration as called for by the UN Decade on Ecosystem Restoration (2021−2030), and more generally in global nutrient neutrality and blue carbon policy strategies. © 2022 The Authors
The development of e-commerce provides great convenience for suppliers to build a direct selling channel online, in response, retailers are aggressively seeking anti-encroachment methods for beating back their suppliers with potential encroachment incentive. This paper studies the effect of retailer's strategic pricing on the supplier's encroachment incentive. We build up an analytical model where the physical retailer rolls out retail service to attract consumers, while the matching degree between retail service and customers’ taste is uncertain before the selling season and could be privately observed by the retailer in the selling season. The retailer could strategically choose the pricing strategy between: (i) pricing before learning accurate consumer information (preannounced pricing) and (ii) pricing after grasping accurate information (responsive pricing). We find that responsive pricing can lead to costly signaling behavior for the retailer, in which the retailer downward distorts the profit margin when the realized service matching degree is low. Specifically, we demonstrate that strategically adopting responsive pricing could dampen the supplier's encroachment incentive when signaling is costly and the matching degree is ex ante less likely to be high; otherwise, the retailer could strategically adopt preannounced pricing to dampen the supplier's encroachment incentive. Our results suggest that the retailer's strategic pricing could serve as a novel and costless anti-encroachment device. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Integrated Water Resources Management (IWRM) has been transferred from the Global North to the Global South. Decades after adopting IWRM in formal policies, countries in the Global South in particular are struggling to implement it in practice. We believe the interplay of formal and informal institutions to be a reason for the failed transfer, but institutional interplay is rarely considered when policies are transferred. Based on a case study of water governance in the uMngeni river basin in South Africa, we investigate how specific types of informal institutions affect the practical implementation of selected aspects of IWRM: subsidiarity, stakeholder involvement, and securing access to water and sanitation. We explore (1) informal institutions that supported previous formal legislation and are still actively reproduced, (2) bureaucratic cultures operationalised through governance modes, and (3) traditional governance as part of a dual governance system. We find that in most cases, a higher level of similarity between formal and informal institutions leads to the more frequent implementation of formal provisions, and hence converging interplay between institutions. Passed-down power structures, another aspect of informal institutions, proved particularly resistant to institutional change. We conclude that analysing the setting of informal institutions before making policy reforms would provide a more realistic assessment of the results to be expected. Understanding institutional interplay in policy transfer processes is hence essential to designing more effective policies and avoiding the pitfalls inherent to blueprint solutions. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The inclusion of new strategies is crucial to achieve the different targets of the sustainable development goals for the guarantee of supply in the different cities and reduction the consumption of non-renewable resources. The development of these strategies implies the improvement of the sustainability indicators and green rating systems of the city. This research proposes a decarbonisation strategy, which includes different optimization procedures based on a self-calibration process according to recorded flow values over time. These stages are integrated into one tool to define the best making decision in the management of the supply system, analysing whether self-consumption of energy is feasible. It was applied on the Bahamas. The application of the strategy enabled the decrease of the annual consumption of energy equal to 32%. The self-consumption could represent 30% of the consumed energy of the pump station. The making decision to define the best operation strategy, establishing a Levelized Cost of Energy around 0.12 €/kWh when the feasibility of using photovoltaic systems combined with micro hydropower was done. It implies the reduction of 40% of the tCO2 emission, getting a cost of carbon abatement values around 400 €/tCO2 for different discount rates and scenarios. © 2022
Research Summary: Cultural entrepreneurship theory suggests that entrepreneurial narratives need to be optimally distinctive—neither portraying an offering as too similar to nor too distinctive from the conventions of its product category—for attracting superior demand. Building on and extending this literature, we propose that the benefits and downsides of a distinctive narrative fundamentally depend on a category's distinctiveness vis-à-vis alternative categories because distinctive categories (a) provide an important source of differentiation for their members and (b) disproportionally attract those audience members that highly value novelty. Our longitudinal study of 159,343 Airbnb listings in 45 categories strongly supports our hypotheses: the relationship between Airbnb listings' narrative distinctiveness and demand-side performance flips from an inverted U-shaped curve in indistinctive categories to a U-shaped curve in distinctive categories. Managerial Summary: Entrepreneurs need to craft a compelling narrative around their offering to legitimate and differentiate it from competing offerings. In this article, we explore when and why entrepreneurs should craft narratives that portray their offerings as similar, moderately distinctive, or highly distinctive from other offerings. We study this question in the context of the Airbnb marketplace, in which Airbnb hosts compete with their respective accommodation listings. Our study shows that Airbnb listings in indistinctive categories attract most demand when their narratives portray them as moderately distinctive. In contrast, Airbnb listings in distinctive categories attract the most demand when their narratives portray them as either highly similar or highly distinctive from other listings in their category. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: This study aims to develop a Facilities technology management framework for public health-care institutions in a developing country. Design/methodology/approach: The study used descriptive research design to identify the specifications of the framework via strategic initiatives anchored on efficiency, sustainability, ecological-friendliness and technological innovation. These measures are wrapped into a facilities TM framework which incorporates concepts and practices on risk management, facility management (FM) and TM. Findings: Results of the survey of the public HCIs in the Philippines, show high levels of acceptability of proposed measures which identify the technologies, innovations and materials which are in the viable context of public hospital circumstances in the country. Research limitations/implications: The findings of this study are limited to the public HCIs in a developing country, and thus cannot be generalized to other HCIs particularly the private institutions. Practical implications: The framework seeks to help improve the operational efficiency and sustainability of public HCIs in a developing country like the Philippines. The discussions on TM revolve around the application of TM approaches. Also, the study incorporates discussions on sustainability, technology innovation and the conformity of these with HCI standards, best practices and government requirements. Social implications: The study takes into consideration the identification of FM principles and practices that are deemed suitable and applicable for public HCIs in a developing country. This study is intended to develop a TM framework for FM services which is cost-effective but not sacrificing safety, security, employees and the environment. Then the foremost consideration is the perceived suitability of the framework in the public HCI environment. Originality/value: This is an original study. It has as its scope the fusion of FM and TM approaches that would help in the identification of challenges, requirements for manpower, processes and technologies (especially, information and communications technolog-based technologies), and a corresponding TM system framework for public HCI facilities in a developing country. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Human biomonitoring (HBM) is a crucial approach for exposure assessment, as emphasised in the European Commission's Chemicals Strategy for Sustainability (CSS). HBM can help to improve chemical policies in five major key areas: (1) assessing internal and aggregate exposure in different target populations; 2) assessing exposure to chemicals across life stages; (3) assessing combined exposure to multiple chemicals (mixtures); (4) bridging regulatory silos on aggregate exposure; and (5) enhancing the effectiveness of risk management measures. In this strategy paper we propose a vision and a strategy for the use of HBM in chemical regulations and public health policy in Europe and beyond. We outline six strategic objectives and a roadmap to further strengthen HBM approaches and increase their implementation in the regulatory risk assessment of chemicals to enhance our understanding of exposure and health impacts, enabling timely and targeted policy interventions and risk management. These strategic objectives are: 1) further development of sampling strategies and sample preparation; 2) further development of chemical-analytical HBM methods; 3) improving harmonisation throughout the HBM research life cycle; 4) further development of quality control / quality assurance throughout the HBM research life cycle; 5) obtain sustained funding and reinforcement by legislation; and 6) extend target-specific communication with scientists, policymakers, citizens and other stakeholders. HBM approaches are essential in risk assessment to address scientific, regulatory and societal challenges. HBM requires full and strong support from the scientific and regulatory domain to reach its full potential in public and occupational health assessment and in regulatory decision-making. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the social construction of executive pay in the UK via an examination of narratives drawn from the social actors on the front-line of Key Management Personnel (KMP) pay determination. Design/methodology/approach: The authors' qualitative research draws upon in-depth interviews with non-executive directors (NEDs) serving on remuneration committees, institutional investors, and independent pay consultants. Findings: Regulation, market pricing and risk mitigation together with the social processes inherent within discharging corporate governance responsibilities create a status-quo-preserving isomorphic effect, restricting context-sensitive approaches to KMP pay determination. Practical implications: The paper informs action by company directors, investors and policy makers to address KMP pay controversies, building shared accountability amongst decision-makers focussed on more strategic context-aligned processes and outcomes. Originality/value: The authors' analysis illustrates how institutional isomorphism can be applied to analyse social actors' interpretations within KMP pay decision-making. The authors show that normative, coercive and mimetic isomorphic forces must be applied in dynamic interaction to extend the explanatory power of institutional isomorphism through the creation of a “No-Come-In” effect in respect of contemporary KMP pay determination settings. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Since the needs and expectations of communities towards their urban environments often vary, landscape management strategies can often be prone to fail in the absence of social considerations. It is therefore incumbent on policy-makers to investigate and attempt to reconcile diverse community perceptions toward the natural and built environment for more equitable governance. This is of particular interest when planning and managing nature-based solutions (NBS) for river protection. We considered this challenge in understanding human values, perceptions and behaviour in a multilayered ecosystem that includes waterways, NBS, green open spaces, and a built environment. This paper analyses perceptions and behaviour around a public urban park next to the Georges River in Sydney Australia, utilizing a proxy-based approach and a mixed-method comprising community surveys and behavioural mapping. The results showed that while users perceive the significance of the urban river environment differently, naturalistic (ecological), humanistic (recreational) and utilitarian (well-being) values are dominant. Urban river catchments are highly valued for recreational purposes, with a strong perception of potential flooding hazards. Through exploring the literature, we recognized that the dominancy of leisure-related values around urban river catchments can be generalized to similar cases worldwide. While NBS, as an urban stormwater management solution, address some user values (e.g., naturalistic) around urban river catchments, they may lack further delivery of humanistic and utilitarian values due to the poor integration with recreational and cultural spaces. It was also the case around the Georges River, where low prominence of cultural features was observed. We concluded that NBS development around Georges River and other urban river catchments should incorporate socio-cultural considerations and community values, in particular the ones related to leisure. The gaps between users’ beliefs and behaviour do not greatly challenge governance, provided that the decision-makers utilise these gaps for optimising management actions. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Evidence of the impact arising from environmental research is increasingly demanded. Exchanges between science providers and actors that use scientific knowledge to address environmental problems are recognized as a key component of the mechanisms through which impact occurs. Yet, the role of interactions between science and policy actors in delivering and shaping research impact is not well established. We aim to better understand how transfer of science in a science-policy network generates impact. Our approach relies on an exploratory social network analysis (SNA), applied to a network of organisations working on land and water management in a catchment in the UK. We analyse flows of scientific information across these organisations and how those contribute to impact, which we conceptualized as change in organisations at three levels: increased awareness, operational change and strategic change. We find that organisations occupying central positions in the network facilitate the transfer of science and influence the level of change achieved. We also find that the effectiveness of the flows of information and impact delivery depends on boundary organisations, in particular public regulatory bodies, that connect agents with others. Moreover, intended change reported by science providers does not often transform directly into change as reported by the receivers of the information. We conclude that both exchanges between researchers and research users and the role of boundary organisations are key to impact delivery and making change possible. This is valuable for understanding where improvements to information flows between organisations might enhance impact. © 2022 The Authors
Entrepreneurs require human resources to establish and scale their ventures; however, constraints often prevent entrepreneurs from investing in formal human resource systems. How entrepreneurs overcome human resource challenges by leveraging their entrepreneurial ecosystems as informal inter-organizational talent management systems has been overlooked by scholars. We propose a model of entrepreneurial ecosystem human resource management, theorizing that ecosystem participants collectively perform the human resource management function for entrepreneurship communities. Drawing from economic rents theory, we explain how entrepreneurial ecosystems encourage a form of meta-organizational human resource management that allows ecosystem participants to coordinate talent acquisition, learning and development, performance management and rewards, and retention. Coordinated entrepreneurial ecosystems improve entrepreneurial performance by sourcing talent, onboarding selected members, enculturating ecosystem values, developing entrepreneurial skills, and retaining human resources, which in turn generates rents. We discuss how our theory catalyzes research at the HR and entrepreneurial ecosystems interface and reveals insights for practitioners. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Responding to disasters triggered by natural hazards is a deeply political process, but it is usually presented by practitioners as an apolitical endeavour. This is striking when disasters occur in authoritarian and politically highly polarised conflict-affected settings. Although the literature provides leads as to why and how humanitarians depoliticise aid, there has been little empirical research on the implications of depoliticisation, especially at the community level. Based on qualitative fieldwork that focused on the drought responses that overlapped with the 2016–19 sociopolitical crises in Zimbabwe, this paper details the practices, motivations, and implications of humanitarian depoliticisation. It differentiates between strategic, coerced, and routine managerial depoliticisation, and argues that, in an authoritarian conflict-affected setting, depoliticisation strategically allows state and non-state actors to defuse sensitive issues and actor relations and to remain safe. However, depoliticisation can also have implications for information management, monitoring, accountability, and protection, and thus ultimately for upholding humanitarian principles. © 2021 The Authors Disasters © 2021 ODI.
Road transportation is the main source of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in Iran. Different road transport emissions reduction strategies (RTERS) can be defined to address this environmental problem. The present study aims to define a comprehensive set of RTERS according to the socio-economic conditions of Iran. Then, the defined strategies are evaluated using a new hybrid decision-making technique developed by integrating the conventional Q-methodology (QM), best–worst method (BWM) and evidential reasoning (ER) approach. The main advantages of the developed methodology include: simple Q-sorting, the capability of checking inconsistency ratio of judgments and dealing with uncertainty. A set of thirty-three RTERS was defined and then categorized into the following seven main strategies, including travel demand management (TDM), public transport management (PTM), traffic flow management (TFM), education, urban planning and development (UPD), and governmental rules and regulations (GRR). These strategies were assessed based on the views of twenty-three experts and government officials. Five perspectives on the importance of RTERS were derived using BWM and QM: 1—PTM-FCM, 2—UPD, 3—TDM, 4—FCM-PTM and 5—FCM. Finally, the ER approach was employed to aggregate these viewpoints. The aggregated perspective highlights that improving fuel quality and HOV systems are the most effective RTERS, while the mitigation policies based on deterrent rules and regulations are the least effective strategies. Accordingly, some managerial implications and suggestions are provided in this study. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
The current article examines the emergence and dynamics of leadership during an extreme situation—a terrorist attack at the foreign subsidiary of a multinational energy corporation—and the crisis response undertaken at the corporate headquarters. The inductive analysis reveals that the in-situ crisis leadership involved impromptu interactions between multiple individuals leading collectively. Multiple sources of leadership emerged to carry out four critical leadership functions, namely strategic framing, ad hoc structuring, relational coping, and instant developing. These functions were carried out by several formal and informal leaders together, enhancing the overall leadership capacity in the crisis management organization (CMO). With increased capacity to lead efforts in different domains came specialization, which could have led to misalignment and fragmentation. But this was avoided by leaders acting as “role boundary transgressors,” expanding the boundaries of their responsibilities across roles, functions, and levels to foster the alignment of collective efforts across the CMO. Based on rich data from a leadership situation that researchers rarely have access to, this study contributes to the understanding of leadership during extreme situations by illustrating who leads (the emergence of multiple leadership sources), what leaders do (leadership functions), and how leadership plays out over time and across levels (through dynamic role boundary transgressions). © The Authors 2022.
Energy Service Companies (ESCOs) are key players in the provision of energy services, hence they are considered strategic means to foster energy efficiency across countries. Nonetheless, despite the undergoing radical transformation within the ESCOs industry - especially the increasing tendency to bundle services, recent research capable to capture such evolution and development, in terms of services, technologies, and markets targeted by ESCOs is scarce. The present study aims at fulfilling the outlined research gaps by developing a novel framework for the classification and characterisation of services offered by ESCOs, as well as technologies and markets addressed. Services are characterised into nine categories, namely: preliminary analysis; project assessment; project contracting; project financing; project technology management and project supervision; energy procurement, management of incentives and regulations, and other services. The developed framework is then preliminary tested by applying it to a sample of eight Italian ESCOs to assess its completeness and usefulness. Results show the capability of the framework to adequately detail and map clusters of services-technologies-markets addressed by ESCOs, also identifying areas for future business opportunities for ESCOs themselves. The study concludes with recommendations for industry and policymaking on future efforts to promote energy services, as well as future research in this area. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Vermetid reefs are intertidal key habitats that strongly increase the biological and ecological value of the coastal ecosystems, providing ecological goods and services. In some parts of the Mediterranean Sea, this habitat is experiencing an increasing decline, due to environmental and anthropogenic pressures and the lack of officially coordinated strategies promoting its conservation at the basin scale. Moreover, experimental data testing for vermetid reef restoration is presently scant. Here we tested the potential to achieve new vermetid colonies on engineered substrates, aiming for their further transplantation to depleted reefs for restoration purposes. We investigated in the field the settlement rate of the central-Mediterranean vermetid species Dendropoma cristatum on artificial tiles made of different concrete mixtures (geopolymer concrete, pozzolanic concrete mixed with fine sand, magnesian concrete, pozzolanic concrete mixed with magnesium and coarse sand) and one plastic material (expanded polyvinyl chloride), engineered with a range of interstice shapes and sizes (i.e., holes and crevices of 1 and 2 mm), obtaining on each tile four different topographic designs. Also, the benthic fauna colonization on these engineered tiles has been monitored. While the material typology had a relative effect on the settlement of D. cristatum, the presence of specific topographic designs played an important role, not only for the reef-builder species but also for the benthic fauna. A significantly higher vermetid density and invertebrate taxonomic richness and individual abundance were associated with the hole presence on the tiles, confirming to be the preferred interstice type among those texted. Furthermore, geopolymer concrete was the material that showed higher resistance to the intertidal conditions and durability after the experiment. The production of geopolymer tiles engineered with hole interstices may be a valid option for future studies aiming at the restoration of this intertidal key habitat. However, while our achievements correspond to a higher vermetid and benthic invertebrate settlement within a few weeks of field experiment, post-settlement processes need to be considered in the perspective to restore the functionality of a degraded reef. © 2022
Currently, companies work to improve their performance at the economic, environmental and social levels, make large contributions to sustainable development, and use strategic assessment tools to evaluate their sustainability performance. In addition, the Taiwan government has gradually paid attention to the use of liquefied natural gas (LNG), but the sustainable development of the LNG industry is in its early stage, and the associated companies lack the relevant knowledge and skills to manage and measure their performance in achieving these sustainability goals. Therefore, this study intends to propose an assessment framework, the green sustainability balanced scorecard (GSBSC), for the LNG industry as a reference for creating sustainable strategies and adds a green operational object to extend the SBSC for theory development. Through the fuzzy Delphi questionnaire of experts, this study found the following. 1. Green operational and environmental objects are relatively important constructs of the GSBSC in the LNG industry. 2. ‘Operating risk and cost management’, ‘customer satisfaction’, ‘product management and recycling mechanism’ and ‘greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions’ are relatively important indicators in their associated objects. This research preliminarily aims to provide relevant and refined advice for the Taiwanese LNG industry and extend the SBSC to the GSBSC. © 2022 The Author(s)
Purpose: The manuscript reflects on the future of higher education from an emerging country perspective. The authors specifically answer how new education policies, ranking and accreditation are impacting the current state of Indian higher education institutions (IHEIs) and how IHEIs can cultivate their path towards positioning themselves internationally. This study aims to bring together existing scenarios and to serve as a springboard for future research and applications. Design/methodology/approach: The manuscript is designed and executed as a conceptual study exploring the current state and prospects for IHEIs. The study synthesizes the concepts of positioning strategies in context to IHEIs. A conceptual diagram integrating existing concepts from marketing, total quality management and business education is created to understand the phenomenon among the IHEIs stakeholders. Findings: The authors found that IHEIs started showing their international presence yet they are facing various challenges (government bureaucracy; international salary standards; global student population; and cultural sensitivity). The authors also found that the positioning problem is not a one-time attempt; the complexity of higher education is a “wicked problem” and, hence needs to be evaluated, changed and executed continuously. The manuscript offers relevant information to IHEIs leaders and stakeholders to improve on their international positioning strategies and proposes avenues for future research. Originality/value: The study outlines future development and positioning strategic plans that IHEIs may consider and reflect in their strategic plan. The conceptual diagram on achieving successful international positioning and problem areas is expected to act as a guidebook for the key decision-makers. The focus is on distinguishing the imperatives, creating a key guide for meeting immediate requirements, allotting assets prudently to update their international presence. The study will provide IHEIs with a new lease of life in the future. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: The organization of several small-scale events throughout the year is called event portfolio and may contribute to the development of the city strategy in the touristic, social and economic fields. The organization of a set of sporting events represents an important innovation in the development of city marketing. This paper analyzing the scarce literature on event portfolio provides the main elements to benefit from this innovative strategy to achieve sustainable sports tourism for host cities. Among the innovative strategies, the inclusion of leverage and cross-leverage approaches in the management of event portfolios is studied in depth. Design/methodology/approach: The study is divided into two phases. First, the Web of Science (WOS) and SCOPUS databases are searched using keywords. Once the selection of scientific studies that analyze the phenomenon of event portfolios has been obtained, an exhaustive review is carried out, allowing us to obtain novel findings on the field of study. Findings: The work provides a classification of the portfolios of sports events analyzed in science considering the configuration (formal vs informal) and whether there is an integrated strategy. Second, the delimitation of the deficiencies and the most important aspects to be developed in sports-events portfolio management. Originality/value: This study contributes with a summary of the main elements to consider when managing sports events portfolios. Moreover, the importance of integrated strategies is underlined, as well as the relevance of leveraging the strategies. The contributions are of interest in being a novel field with room for scientific development and with an eminently practical nature. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This study focuses on the connection between strategic sustainability and company performance. Specifically, it investigates the effects of four strategic sustainability dimensions—namely, marketing, business strategy, management, and eco-innovation—on sustainability performance and brand. The study builds on a quantitative approach with data collected via a web-based survey conducted in the construction sector in Finland. The results reveal that the higher the marketing efforts and actions, the better the sustainability performance; in addition, the higher the eco-innovation ability, the better the sustainability performance. Further, the results show that the better the eco-innovation ability the firm has, the more likely it is to have higher brand value. The study is the first to conduct a comprehensive investigation of the connection between strategic sustainability and intangible value in terms of sustainability performance and brand. © 2022 The Authors
Excessive physical demand at work has traditionally been connected with adverse health outcomes, but excessive sitting is now also being recognised as an occupational hazard and emerging work-related risk. Traditional preventive occupational health and ergonomics programs are useful but limited through reliance on individual behaviour change and time-diversion from productive work. A new ‘Goldilocks Work Paradigm’ aims to optimise health and productivity by using movements of productive tasks. Using rail driving as a specific case of a highly sedentary and inflexible working environment, we construct a conceptual framework for designing better jobs, arguing that a theoretical amalgamation of the new Goldilocks Work Paradigm with System Thinking, Participatory Ergonomics, and a Risk Management Framework, is needed, for establishing a unified, strategic approach—a ‘just right’ job design model. We extend this by outlining a practical process of designing better jobs with tools that can be used to achieve it. © 2022 The Author(s)
Previous empirical research about the functions of innovative systems has been less enabled to present practical strategies for managers’ decisions. This paper aims to determine the boundaries of the innovation system in the oil industry by prioritizing strategic innovative upstream technologies for policy-making and commercializing within the framework of energy technological innovation systems. This paper proposes a novel fuzzy approach based on distance from ideals to scrutinize the effects of effective criteria on the policy-making process and rank new and essential technologies in various fields. The developed fuzzy Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) method is applied to select the best strategic innovation technology. Due to the importance of selecting the best technology, several decision-makers (DMs) who are expert in their areas are applied. To increase the accuracy of the results, a new subjective and objective approach is proposed to calculate the weight of DMs. Moreover, a novel method based on the distances from ideals and according to DMs’ opinions in the decision-making process is introduced to determine their objective weights. One of the advantages of this subjective and objective weighting approach is considering both DMs’ resume and opinions in the decision-making process. It should be noted that due to the management of real-world uncertainty as well as increasing the accuracy of results in applying DMs’ opinions, trapezoidal fuzzy sets are used in all stages of computation. A case study about upstream technologies of Iran's oil industry is introduced and solved. To demonstrate the accuracy of the results and review the advantages of the presented approach, a comparative analysis with a recent literature study is performed. Indeed, selecting the best strategic innovative upstream technology of the oil industry in each field namely materials, services, and equipment for development is the main result of this study. © 2021
Organizations can acquire a competitive advantage by managing effectively for today while simultaneously promoting innovation for the future. A recent review of the annual reports of large Architecture, Engineering, Construction, and Owner Operator (AECOO) organizations in the United States (US) have indicated that firms have been allocating more attention to innovation. Previous studies concentrated on viewing the performance and growth of firms based on resources and knowledge. Researchers in strategic management have recently expanded to consider an innovation-based view for studying innovation-induced growth of firms. In this article, we introduce a strategic framework to illustrate the management and transformation of innovation in AECOO organizations on the basis of an innovation-based view of the firm. To support the transformation process, we argue that innovation performance attributes can serve as a reference in the strategic planning process. In particular, we find that innovation should be oriented to the engagement of staff, framed around the organization's strategies, and contributive to the impact of the organizations. The transformation process is effective when organizations reference these key performance attributes in their strategic framework.  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers.
This study extends our knowledge about the management of older employees in the sector of financial services, which faces enormous transformational pressures (e.g., emergence of artificial intelligence, digital services). Based on the black box model of human resource management, we investigate how executives at 16 major financial institutions manage their total rewards to motivate their older professionals to stay at work longer. Top management's views towards older professionals underlie a firm's culture or climate, and more precisely, the extent of the perception that they are a strategic resource that needs focused management. Across firms, such adaptation (or lack thereof) is made through the following total rewards components: (1) flexibility in working time and place of work, (2) hiring of retirees, (3) hiring or promotion of older professionals, (4) role adjustment, (5) responsibilities and performance standards, (6) monetary rewards, benefits, and (7) recognition, succession planning, and support for retirement planning or preparation. The black box model should be used in future research to understand which reward components work best in which contextsto motivate older workers to stay at work longer.  ©
In Industry-Academia Collaborations (IAC) both academic, scientific research results and industrial practitioner findings and experiences are produced. Both types of knowledge should be gathered, codified, and disseminated efficiently and effectively. This paper investigates a recent (2014–2017) large-scale IAC R&D&I program case (Need for Speed, N4S) from a learning perspective. It was one of the programs in the Finnish SHOK (Strategic Centres of Science, Technology, and Innovation) system. The theoretical bases are in innovation management, knowledge management, and higher education (university) pedagogy. In the future, IAC projects should be more and more commonplace since major innovations are hardly ever done in isolation, not even by the largest companies. Both intra-organizational and inter-organizational learning networks are increasingly critical success factors. Collaborative learning capabilities will thus be required more often from all the participating parties. Efficient and effective knowledge creation and sharing are underpinning future core competencies. In this paper, we present and evaluate a collaboratively created and publicly shared digital knowledge repository called “Treasure Chest” produced during our case program. The starting point was a jointly created Strategic Research and Innovation Agenda (SRIA), which defined the main research themes and listed motivating research questions to begin with—i.e., intended learning outcomes (ILO). During the 4-year program, our collaborative industry-academia (I-A) learning process produced a range of theoretical and empirical results, which were iteratively collected and packaged into the Treasure Chest repository. Outstandingly, it contained, in addition to traditional research documents, narratives of the industrial learning experiences and more than 100 actionable knowledge items. In conclusion, our vision of the future is that such transparently shared, ambitious, and versatile outcome goals with a continuous integrative collection of the results are keys to effective networked I-A collaboration and learning. In that way, the N4S largely avoided the general problem of often conflicting motives between industrial firms seeking answers and applied solutions to their immediate practical problems and academic researchers aiming at more generalizable knowledge creation and high-quality scientific publications. © 2022, The Author(s).
The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on container transportation. Accurate forecasting of container throughput is critical for policymakers and port authorities, especially in the context of the anomalous events of the COVID-19 pandemic. In this paper, we firstly proposed hybrid models for univariate time series forecasting to enhance prediction accuracy while eliminating the nonlinearity and multivariate limitations. Next, we compared the forecasting accuracy of different models with various training dataset extensions and forecasting horizons. Finally, we analysed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on container throughput forecasting and container transportation. An empirical analysis of container throughputs in the Yangtze River Delta region was performed for illustration and verification purposes. Error metrics analysis suggests that SARIMA-LSTM2 and SARIMA-SVR2 (configuration 2) have the best performance compared to other models and they can better predict the container traffic in the context of anomalous events such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The results also reveal that, with an increase in the training dataset extensions, the accuracy of the models is improved, particularly in comparison with standard statistical models (i.e. SARIMA model). An accurate prediction can help strategic management and policymakers to better respond to the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Because of the strategic importance of gasoline in Iran's political economy, any decision to reform its demand has been met with strong economic, social, and political reactions. Therefore, careful consideration of the demand prospect and supply balance can provide the basis for planning for less costly management. Drivers affecting the demand for gasoline are here the same as drivers affecting the demand for automobiles and their use, which include the basic drivers of economic growth, population growth, general inflation, and ultimately gasoline price increase. The effects of these four major drivers were assessed under the reference scenario to examine the possible effects on gasoline demand, GHG emissions, and ultimately the balance of supply and demand. The results show that with every 0.25% change in the country's population growth, the amount of gasoline demand in 2035 is expected to change by 1.45 billion liters per year. The results also show that for every 1% annual increase in gasoline prices between 2021 and 2030, gasoline and GHG emissions in 2035 are expected to fall by 0.547 billion liters per year and 1287 million tons of carbon dioxide equivalence, respectively. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In order to utilize demand-side flexibility and meet system requirements, the aggregator (AGG) has become a vital role in the ancillary service market. To reflect the willingness of each market subject, a tri-layer ancillary service market framework for ancillary service market operator (ASMO), AGG, and users is proposed in this paper, which contains the interactions between different layers including ASMO and AGG, AGG and users. We develop a detailed market timeline that takes multi-type ancillary services into account. Moreover, due to the hierarchical market structure, we conduct a two-loop Stackelberg game to depict the effect of each market subject's strategic behavior. Based on the game models of all the market subjects, the existence and uniqueness of the game equilibrium point are proved. In addition, considering the correlation between multi-type ancillary services, the clearing process is decomposed into two sub-problems and a distributed joint market clearing based on the particle swarm optimization algorithm is presented. Case study shows that the proposed method is profitable for all the market subjects, the market timeline is reasonable, and the joint clearing method is effective. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Land use/land cover changes (LULC) may result in water shortages, flood risk and soil erosion, contributing to the degradation of living situations. Therefore, studying the impacts of LULC changes on water resources is critical to watershed management. This study aims to determine LULC change and its impact on runoff and other hydrological components, including groundwater, water yield, percolation and evapotranspiration in the Upper Prek Thnot watershed from 2006 to 2018, by using SWAT modelling. Results showed that LULC of the Upper Prek Thnot watershed experienced such significant changes during these 13 years. The main modification in the study area was converting forest area into agricultural land, which accounts for 39%. This was followed by increased rubber plantation, built-up area, barren land and water bodies, and decreased wood shrubs. The changes in land use caused an increase in annual average surface runoff (36%), water yield (2%), and a decrease in groundwater (24%), percolation (8%) and evapotranspiration (1%). If the forest area is converted to agricultural land, mainly when the conversion occurs in large numbers, the hydrological elements will be significantly affected. Consequently, due to a noticeable alteration of LULC in the study area, a sound strategic management plan should be applied considerably to ensure ecosystem services sustainability in the watershed area. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
In the last three decades, the theory of strategic conflict management has been developed so that it is a strong framework for considering the factors that influence an organization's response to crises and identifying the importance for dynamic and flexible approaches to crisis decision-making and communication. While leadership is considered one of the critical internal contingency factors but individual characteristics of key decision-makers, like the CEO, are also one of the most understudied ones. At the same time, the concept of optimism has long been explored as a factor influencing performance and positive outcomes in many arenas, but with scant evidence in the application to senior-level leadership or crisis contexts. In fact, in the crisis literature where optimism and pessimism is addressed, it largely argues that crisis leaders should adopt a pessimistic mindset. For this study senior-leaders in multinational companies responsible for managing employees in an average of 70 countries each and with extensive crisis leadership experience reflect on their own experiences during crises. Findings indicate that optimism is a critical trait in successful crisis leadership connecting to positive outcomes for the teams and organizations. These data also provide critical insights that develop a stronger understanding of contingency planning in crisis management because we have identified a trait that amongst an elite group of managers with extensive crisis experience was consistently attributed to their own success as crisis leaders. © 2022
This study draws insights from entrepreneurial opportunity and organizational legitimacy perspectives to specify an intervening role of opportunity recognition and the contingency effect of entrepreneurial legitimacy to explain how and when external knowledge resources are associated with new venture performance. The conceptual model is tested on primary data from 230 new ventures operating in a sub-Saharan African economy: Ghana. Findings from the study indicate that the relationship between external knowledge resources and new venture performance is mediated by opportunity recognition and that high levels of both strategic and regulatory legitimacy strategies strengthen the indirect relationship. Theoretical implications and new venture management lessons drawn from these findings are discussed. © 2022 The Authors
In this paper, we study a general mean-variance reinsurance, new business and investment problem, where the claim processes of original and new businesses are modeled by two different risk processes and the safety loadings of reinsurance and new business are different. The retention level of the insurer is constrained in [0, 1] and the controls of new business and risky investment are required to be non-negative. This model relaxes the limitations of those in existing research. By using the projection onto the convex set controls valued in, we obtain an open-loop equilibrium reinsurance-new business-investment strategy explicitly. We also show that the obtained equilibrium strategy is the optimal one among all deterministic strategies in the sense that it yields the smallest mean-variance cost. In the case where original and new businesses are the same, the equilibrium strategy is given in closed-form and its sensitivities to safety loadings are shown by numerical examples. At last, by comparing with the case where acquiring new business is prohibited, we show that allowing writing new policies indeed improves the performance of the insurer’s risk management. © 2022, Journal of Industrial and Management Optimization. All rights reserved.
Purpose: This paper explores an important yet overlooked concept in place branding literature, unplanned messages. Focusing on unplanned messages, this study aims to contribute to a better understanding of the concept of spontaneous order in place branding and how to manage the unplanned communication process so as to ensure a high reputational status for a place. Design/methodology/approach: This paper builds on past research on place brand communication and proposes a conceptual framework for unplanned messages. Findings: Classification schemes for places and place brands are proposed, contributing to place brand management in three aspects: reviewing of decisions and strategies undertaken, assessing current situation and planning way forward when it comes to priorities for place management and development. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first paper that introduces the emergent image and presents a classification scheme for places that contributes to a strategic management program of unplanned messages in place branding. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Major oil spills can cause significant impacts on marine-coastal zones, particularly on areas with a high oil spill risk, which combine a high oil spill hazard—high likelihood of oil stranding at high concentrations, and a high environmental sensitivity—high concentration of highly sensitive ecological and socioeconomic resources. In this context, a straightforward multicriteria methodology is proposed to determine the second factor of the oil spill risk, namely the strategic environmental sensitivity (SES), in 68 sectors covering the entire Peruvian marine-coastal zone. The methodology comprised the weighted integration of physical, biological, and socioeconomic sensitivity indicators based on their relevance in surface marine oil spills and the Peruvian ecological and socioeconomic context. As a result, relative SES levels from very low to very high were assigned to the sectors. To demonstrate the SES applicability, an oil spill risk assessment at a screening level was performed in a selected sector with current oil production activities. The oil beaching likelihood of worst-case discharge scenarios modelled for January 2021 was used to determine an overall screening oil spill hazard level in the selected sector, while a matrix relating the SES and hazard determined the screening oil spill risk. The results can be used as a decision-support tool to enhance the oil spill contingency planning in Peru or be used in other relevant processes such as the integrated coastal zone management, the marine spatial planning, or the contingency planning of other liquid contaminants. In addition, the proposed methodologies can be adapted to different local and international contexts and scales. © 2022 The Authors
By the turn of the 21st century, Siddhartha Lal won the opportunity to revive Royal Enfield (RE), the fading iconic motorcycle brand of Eicher Motors. The challenge was to turn around the motorcycle division of Eicher Motors and achieve sustainable growth in sales and market share, while maintaining profitability. Eicher Motors worked on improving the brand performance and perception by modernising the RE bikes, in terms of technological advancements, superior functionality and overall driving experience and feel. With this RE re-emerged as a major player in the mid-size motorcycle segment. Post 2019, however, RE was grappling with decreasing sales and stagnating market share, owing to changing customer expectations and increasing competition in this product category (Table 1). RE now had to work towards extending and enhancing the customer base by wooing the new-generation customers. But this would entail certain modifications in terms of its exceptionally unique brand imagery and association of RE. Although the revamp of RE’s brand imagery and association can appeal to and resonate well with new-generation customers, it might also compromise the cult emotional appeal, established over the decades. Above all, the probability of gaining major headway in new-generation customer base — at the cost of adulterating the legacy ‘cult emotional appeal’ — could be uncertain because of rising competition in this segment and product category. This scenario created a catch-22 situation and RE had to employ strategic options to deal with it. This paper discusses the challenge of infusing freshness into the brand’s image without losing the essence of its legacy. © HENRY STEWART PUBLICATIONS.
Amidst the current demand for sustainable development in the globalized world, a green-orientation emerges as a strategic direction for businesses that increasingly attracts stakeholders because of its significant value for the business viability and sustainable development. The extant literature shows that the studies on CSR's influence on corporate outcomes have diverse approaches. The study explored the link of corporate social responsibility (CSR) and sustainable corporate performance (SCP) of SMEs mediated by green innovation (GI) and green supply chain management (GSCM) in an emerging economy context. The extant literature lacks discussions around the above combined relationship and impact to the sustainability domain. Using the survey method and Partial Least Squared Structural Equation Modeling (PLS-SEM) using 486 primary responses covering middle and senior managers, the study supports role of CSR in driving the sustainable corporate performance (SCP) with the intervention of GI and GSCM. The deliberations advance the current CSR literature and its involvement in the value-creating activities that lead to business performance. Importantly, this study emphasizes the implications of a circular economy in GSCM towards sustainability. Accordingly, it motivates SMEs to make strategic, operational changes that lead to significant environmental, social, and economic impacts. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Nature-based tourism has an influence on ecosystem functioning around watercourses, but this influence lacks scientific evidence. Additionally, strategic and operational management of streams necessitates trade-offs between the recreational activities and values of tourists and riparian zone hospitality services. This paper aims to assist environmentalists and planners by exploring the effects of tourism-based recreational activities on ecosystem functioning along the drawdown zone. The study uses multivariate statistical techniques to delineate the relevant global tourism issues for planners. Kruskal-Wallis tests (p < 0.01) were conducted using quantitative data from 284 transects within the Three Gorges Dam Reservoir in China. The results revealed higher ecosystem function indices than tourism indices. Indicators of tourism contributed both positively and negatively to ecological indicators, with the Pearson correlation coefficients ranging from minor to moderate (r = ̶ 0.24 to 0.38, p < 0.05). Principal component analysis revealed that the critical variables of ecosystem functioning and tourism activities explained 72.26 % of the overall variance. Nevertheless, hierarchical cluster analysis revealed that these indicators responded differently in the upstream, midstream, and downstream sections. Our findings suggest that policymakers should consider the different characteristics of riparian zones in future planning, as doing so will improve both national and global strategic and operational management. © 2022
Purpose: This study aims to give expression, for the first time, to the contemporary perceptions of knowledge management (KM) professionals regarding the technological layer in KM. From an organizational-holistic view, the authors strive to provide a deeper understanding of the position and role of technology in KM in knowledge-intensive organizations. Design/methodology/approach: As part of the adoption of the qualitative-constructivist paradigm, the research started with in-depth interviews and continued with focus groups. The data were collected from 21 KM experts and analyzed according to the thematic analysis method, based on the grounded theory. Findings: Although many hopes depend on technological tools, the authors learn why KM cannot be considered a purely information technology (IT)-based process. The study raises significant concern regarding the leadership of KM efforts by IT units, due to the possible lack of focus on strategic aspects supported by that support closing knowledge gaps. KM experts support technological changes and anticipate the introduction of automated mechanisms for knowledge flow processes. Originality/value: Understanding the technological component of KM provides a window of opportunity for the meanings ascribed by the professionals to the whole KM discipline. The results improve the understanding that the KM community should be required to be more aware of the business-organizational aspects for which the practice of KM in the organization is required, as well as the centrality of human resources in knowledge creation and sharing. Moreover, the paper provides a unique glimpse into the future of organizational KM. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Effective programming of research and development (R&D) support, adjusted to the actual potential of beneficiaries, requires the use of modern analytical tools. An efficient R&D support system requires up-to-date data on technological trends, ongoing (and planning) research, market needs and developing innovation. The most popular programming methods were based on the analysis of data with a 4 to 5-year time delay until recently. Having described the method of refining information from unstructured data, we explore how to make it possible not only to solve the issue of up-to-date data but to identify of the latest trends in R&D activities. The analytical tools we describe were already fully functional in 2018 and are constantly being improved. The article presents the potential of one tool that can be applied in public support institutions. Methods of identifying and diagnosing technology trends are presented within the case study of the electric car technology trend. The presented case study shows the effectiveness of the method we developed for identifying and diagnosing areas requiring support from public funds. Public institutions, including public institutions supporting R&D and innovation processes, can apply tools that allow an increase in the quality of public support programmes offered, but also beneficial for the quality of strategic resources management within the institution itself. The comparison of the predictions made by the described tools with the classifications made by experts, the former are more accurate and precise. Moreover, the results of the analyses performed by the presented model are not influenced by distorting factors—fads, trends, political pressures, or processes with an unidentified, non-substantive background. It should be emphasized that the accuracy of the whole model is 0.84. The described tools and methods are already directly applicable in many areas related to the support of R&D activity worldwide. The article presents a solution that effectively enables the management of more precise programmes supporting innovative activities used for the first time in Poland. It is also one of the first uses of these methods by public administration in the world. Our approach not only strengthens improved adjustment of the support offered for R&D activity, but also makes it possible to apply and improve management methods in public institutions. © 2022, The Author(s).
A reference price is the price expectation of consumers for a product. When considering whether to buy a product, consumers usually compare its price with the reference price, which leads to psychological gain-loss utility affecting the consumers’ willingness to pay for the product. In this paper, we incorporate a reference price into the product line design problem and investigate the strategic implications of reference price effects for both the firm and consumers. We first study the optimal quality-price bundle design problem of a monopolistic firm and investigate the impact of reference price effects on the optimal quality and price decision when the number of products in the line is given. We show that as the importance of price comparison increases, the optimal range of qualities in the product line narrows. Specifically, the lowest quality in the product line is distorted upward, while the quality gap between adjacent products narrows. In particular, when consumers attach great importance to price comparison, the reference price effects may cause the firm to abandon discrimination among consumers and instead offer just a single product. We also investigate the optimal product variety setting problem considering a fixed setup cost incurred for each product in the choice set. Our numerical studies using synthetic and real-world data demonstrate that the demand model with reference price has better goodness of fit and prediction accuracy. The impact of neglecting reference price in the product line design problem is significant, potentially leading to substantial profit loss. Finally, we extend our work through general discussions of the model and through the dynamic pricing problem incorporating temporal reference price effects. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) bridge the gap between internal combustion engine vehicles and pure electric vehicles, and are therefore regarded as a promising solution to the energy crisis. This paper proposes a real-time energy management strategy (EMS) for hybrid electric vehicles based on reinforcement learning (RL) to improve fuel economy and minimize battery degradation. First, an online recursive Markov chain (MC) is developed that continuously collects statistical features from actual driving conditions, and thus an adaptive and accurate environment model is established. Then, a novel RL algorithm, eligibility trace, is introduced to learn the control policy online based on MC model. By introducing a trace-decay parameter, the eligibility trace algorithm unifies the returns of different steps, forming a more reliable estimate of the optimal value function, and therefore outperforms traditional RL algorithms in optimization. Furthermore, induced matrix norm (IMN) is employed as a standard to measure difference between transition probability matrices (TPM) of MC and to decide when to update environment model as well as recalculate the control policy. Therefore, the EMS's adaptability to various driving conditions are significantly enhanced. Simulation results indicate that eligibility trace shows the best performance in both improving fuel economy and reducing battery life loss compared with Q-learning and rule-based method. © 2022
Increasing energy demand and the fast depletion of fossil fuels have prompted the quest for sustainable energy sources. Biodiesel is a potential fossil fuel replacement that can be used in engines without modification. However, the commercial feasibility of biodiesel production is a major challenge. A resilient and cost-efficient biodiesel supply chain network is essential for commercialization. In addition, disruption risks arising from operational downtime, labor strikes, natural disasters, and uncertainty embedded in the data compromise the effectiveness of tactical and strategic level supply chain planning. In line with these requirements, an animal fat-based biodiesel supply chain model that reduces the total system cost and accounts for both disruption and operational risks is proposed. The proposed model determines the optimal production–distribution quantities and supports facility location and capacity decisions against multiple supply and demand interruption scenarios. A novel interactive solution technique, robust possibilistic flexible programming, which enables decision-makers to incorporate flexibility into model constraints, has been introduced. Furthermore, a p-measure constraint that ensures the lowest cost under disruption scenarios is used to control network reliability. A real-world case study is used to assess the suggested model and solution technique's applicability. The findings demonstrate a tradeoff between system reliability and nominal cost, showing that with a marginal increase in overall cost, the decisions can be secured against an uncertain environment. Biodiesel producers and distributors, as well as investors and regulators, may potentially benefit from the proposed model. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Motivated by the remanufacturing systems at Daimler AG and other automobile, aerospace and heavy machinery parts dealers/manufacturers, we develop a hybrid manufacturing/remanufacturing system with controlled two-way substitution between new and remanufactured products. We develop Markov decision processes for management on product-level as well as on component-level. We show that the optimal policy on product-level has the switching-curve structure under the assumption that the lost sales costs for new and remanufactured products are identical. Based on this structural result, we develop an efficient, close-to-optimal heuristic for the general product-level model and for the component-level model. Our numerical experiments indicate that two-way substitution on component level significantly reduces total cost. We also extend our model to strategic cost that includes environmental aspects in the objective function. For this model, we find that substitution appears to be a phenomenon primarily beneficial for profit-oriented firms. Sustainability-oriented firms require significantly less frequent product substitution. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
How does race and location shape the reproductive decisions of gay men who are intended parents? In this article, we propose the concept of strategic racialization to characterize the ways in which gay male parents employ racial matching in their selection of egg donors and surrogates in the United States and United Kingdom. We argue that racial matching is a strategy of stigma management. This study draws upon interview data from 40 gay male couples who formed families through surrogacy. We find that pre-conception fathers seek racialized resemblance to reinforce kinship between themselves and their children. In California and England, gay men seeking donor eggs engage in racial matching, which reveals that the racialized biogenetic model of kinship remains dominant. This study makes a significant contribution to the literature on race and queer family formation. © The Author(s) 2022.
Pipe failure prediction models are essential for informing proactive management decisions. This study aims to establish a reliable prediction model returning the probability of pipe failure using a gradient boosted tree model, and a specific segmentation and grouping of pipes on a 1 km grid that associates localised characteristics. The model is applied to an extensive UK network with approximately 40,000 km of pipeline and a 14-year failure history. The model was evaluated using the Receiver Operator Curve and Area Under the Curve (0.89), briers score (0.007) and Mathews Correlation Coefficient (0.27) for accuracy, indicating acceptable predictions. A weighted risk analysis is used to identify the consequence of a pipe failure and provide a graphical representation of high-risk pipes for decision makers. The weighted risk analysis provided an important step to understanding the consequences of the predicted failure. The model can be used directly in strategic planning, which sets long-term key decisions regarding maintenance and potential replacement of pipes. © 2022, The Author(s).
Research points to sustainable supply chain management as a core strategic goal for most global firms. However, managers continue to struggle with implementing successful sustainability initiatives both internally and throughout their globally dispersed supply chains. Using grounded theory, our findings uncover a potential explanation for how firms manage sustainability initiatives in the context of global supply chain management, from a buyer's perspective. Institutional theory of the firm is applied to help explain the challenges of developing and implementing global supply chain sustainability-related initiatives within buyer-supplier relationships. Analysis of the data from qualitative interviews show that institutional distance is an influential factor that produces mixed effects on the global buyer-supplier relationships in our sample in the context of buyer and supplier strategic orientation toward sustainability. The findings can help guide managers when approaching sustainability-related initiatives in the context of global supply chains. Theoretical and managerial implications are discussed as well as areas for future research. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Nautical tourism is a tourist product with great development in the European space and a lot of potential to promote and develop tourist destinations. Considering the dynamics of nautical tourism management and the importance of meeting the specificities of this market niche, the objective of this study was to analyse the strategic alliances for the development of the offer of nautical tourism products, namely the strategic goals and sustainable environmental practices adopted by their actors which integrated the strategic alliances in order to certificate a plethora of nautical stations in Portugal. Between September and December 2021, 17 Portuguese nautical stations' application forms were collected. Content analysis using Nvivo software was the technique used for data analysis. The results showed a multiplicity of strategic objectives associated with the strategic alliance established between the nautical stations. The strategic vision of nautical stations for the development of strategic alliances is built, firstly, on the objective of structuring the tourism offer, followed by increasing governance and promoting and marketing nautical tourism using the image of the destination. Based on these results, it is possible to infer the importance of nautical stations in destination competitiveness and the role of strategic alliances in facilitating penetration in the nautical tourism market. The managers of nautical stations should consider the use of strategic alliances to make a cooperative marketing in order to improve the experience of the clients. Regarding environmental sustainability practices, the results exposed the prominence of environmental education actions in contrast to the reduced number of nautical stations developing actions for the adoption of sustainable transport. This study contributes to a better understanding of nautical tourism and Portuguese nautical stations, a project of strategic investment in sport and tourism, inferring on the objectives underlying the formation of strategic alliances and on the adopted environmental sustainability practices. The conclusions of this study point to the need for future scientific research on the actual operationalization of the objectives underlying the formation of strategic alliances, as well as the environmental practices developed by nautical stations. Copyright © 2022 Pereira, Martins, Marques, Flores, Aghdash and Mascarenhas.
Following an earthquake, urban agriculture has been shown to improve recovery by increasing food security and providing numerous community and social benefits. However, many communities often do not consider urban agriculture within their earthquake or disaster preparedness programs. This work explores the intersection between those two realms, considering how their integration may increase food security and improve resilience following an earthquake. Through a case study focusing on the City of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, this research involved a four-step strategic scan of planning and earthquake management documents to determine whether Vancouver has captured the benefit of urban agriculture for earthquake recovery. Results revealed that this benefit has yet to be realized, however there is ample opportunity to do so given the City's advances in urban agriculture. This research seeks to provide planners, city officials and emergency management with insight into the potential of urban agriculture for earthquake preparedness. More broadly, this work seeks to add to the discussion by exploring a tangible integration of two realms that are often planned in isolation, yet could have positive impacts if combined. This paper concludes with specific interventions for how urban agriculture can be utilized for earthquake recovery in order to build resilience. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development calls for the achievement of universal access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all. To fulfil this ambition, least developed countries need to mobilise enormous investments in a short amount of time. Deciding the extent, priority and timing of these investments is a hard task, for which many governments currently lack internal resources. Development Partners are supporting these efforts by contributing to the national energy planning ecosystems. In this comment, we focus on the role of Development Partners. We reflect on the approach to support strategic energy planning they took so far and on how they may improve it to further – and more effectively - support countries where demand arises. We take the example of one recent capacity development effort in Sierra Leone. We highlight that academia is one pillar of the national energy planning ecosystem, and conclude that academic partnerships play a critical role in changing the paradigm from short-term capacity transfer to a more sustainable capacity development. Formalised academic partnerships may increase the retention of capacity and support national planning ecosystems in becoming more self-sustained. Increased knowledge sharing on best open practices for energy data and model infrastructure may further support the ecosystem by improving the communication between academia, government and utilities. © 2022 The Authors
Radical sustainability innovations (RSIs) often run the risk of producing unintended consequences, which can sometimes be of catastrophic nature. Literature offers some innovation management methods (IMMs) for preventing unintended consequences, but these methods remain untested at the boundary condition of failure, i.e., catastrophic failure. This gap leaves blind spots in our understanding of the application of IMMs, especially in cases of catastrophic failure of RSIs. Our objective is to apply select radical sustainability innovation management methods (RSIMMs) to a case where RSI failed catastrophically, in order to: (i) identify shortcomings of these methods at boundary condition; and (ii) understand how these methods can prevent catastrophic failures. We chose representative RSIMMs through systematic literature search. We applied these methods to the case of leaded gasoline, which qualifies the definition of RSI but produced disastrous consequences. We used process analysis technique to explicate discovery, commercialization, institutionalization, and abandonment of leaded gasoline between 1910s and 2000s. Results suggest that disputed science can be leveraged for purely economic gains, and ‘show me the data’ and ‘my science is right’ mentality can set managers/scientists on pathways leading to failure. We propose a preliminary model for integrating RSIMMs to promote reflective thinking by rendering multiple layers of protection against likelihood of catastrophic failure. Our work has implications for understanding the role of stakeholders in RSIs, rethinking temporal dimension of innovation performance, policy literature on sustainability, and speed of innovation theory. Managers can use these results to improve ‘new product development’ process by reconsidering the temporal dimension in life-cycle assessments. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This research examines the experiences of small- and medium-sized enterprise (SME) owners in the food service sector during the COVID-19 crisis. We collected authentic opinion through semi-structured interviews with restaurant owners in the Outaouais region (Quebec, Canada). Qualitative analysis of the interviews revealed that restaurant owners suffered from several issues: stress, shortage of employees, financial losses, liquidity problems, closures, reopenings, and difficulties in adapting to change. To overcome this crisis, entrepreneurs had to demonstrate resilience, innovation, and strategic management. Meanwhile, through its assistance programs, the government greatly supported entrepreneurs. While Canadian federal programs performed well, the Quebec government's support remained limited. We suggest that public administrators and program evaluators should address the shortcomings raised in this research. Lastly, this study contributes to the literature by providing a new perspective on the strategic management of SMEs during crisis and new managerial insights. Furthermore, we provide new perspectives on inclusive policy and program design during crisis. © 2022
The existing water accounts for large-scale, semi-arid and transboundary river basins are usually lack of sufficient spatial-temporal elements of water use, a prerequisite for identifying potential water savings and for sustainable management of scarce water resources. This study aims to demonstrate value of water footprint (WF) accounting framework for such river basins with the case study of the Upper Euphrates River basin which is not only used as major food and energy production resource in Turkey but also a focal point for international conflict, diplomacy and dialogue in Middle East. The methodology is based on Water Footprint Assessment Manual which is published by Water Footprint Network. The study maps spatial-temporal variations of sectoral water use in the study area for the agriculture, domestic water supply and industry for the period of 2008–2019. The water footprint of the Upper Euphrates River basin is calculated as 27.4 Gm3, most of which is related to the agricultural activities. The downstream and lower plains of the study area exhibited a considerably high blue and grey agricultural WF, reaching 2397 and 349 mm, respectively. Several crops have substantially large WFs in the region such as cotton, wheat, pistachio, and barley. The analysis given in this study revealed importance of spatial-temporal disaggregated information in water accounting for sustainable management of water resources. These accounts can provide insights that were not available to the decision makers before, such as water saving opportunities, potential water efficiency and productivity benchmarks, strategic planning for various climatic conditions etc. These are the major values that water footprint accounting can introduce in water management in a large scale, semi-arid transboundary river basins. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Within the Lake Chad Basin, the unconfined Quaternary aquifer offers permanent and easy access to water resources. This transboundary regional aquifer is shared by Chad, Niger, Nigeria and Cameroon and extends over ~500,000 km2. Climatic conditions and repeated droughts as well as the intensification of agriculture in the region have multiple negative impacts on the aquifer such as changes in groundwater level and its quality. Being a strategic water resource for the whole Chadian region, the groundwater potential of the Quaternary aquifer must be better characterized and understood to evaluate its resilience to climate change and anthropogenic impact. Stable isotopes and tritium of the water molecule were used to estimate water origin and residence time at the regional scale and to elucidate the interconnections between the different hydrological and hydrogeological components. Results show active recharge processes to the Quaternary aquifer as well as dynamic connections with surface waters (both river courses and wetlands) but also indicate less dynamic behavior of the Quaternary groundwater resource in some areas of the region. Based on the isotopic investigations, the Quaternary aquifer in the Chad basin was found to be resilient to climate change but its hydrogeological specificities (dependence to surface water from the upstream basins and transboundary nature of its structure) can make it prone to inadequate management strategies. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The Smart city is important for sustainability. Governments engaged in developing urban mobility in the smart city need to invest their limited financial resources wisely to realize sustainability goals. A key area for such sustainability investment is how to implement and invest in emerging technologies for urban mobility solutions. However, current frameworks on how to understand the impact of emerging technologies aligned with long-term sustainability strategies are understudied. This article develops a simulation-based comparison between different cities and autonomous vehicle (AV) adoption scenarios to understand which aspects of cities lead to positive AV implementation outcomes. As urban mobility and cities will become smart, the analysis represents a first attempt to explore the impact of AVs on a large scale across different cities around the world. Archetypes are formed and account for most, if not all, world cities. For three of our archetypes (car-centric giants, prosperous innovation centers, and high-density megacities), promoting AV-shuttle use would deliver the greatest advantage as measured by improvements in the model's KPIs. To develop urban powerhouses, however, micromobility would deliver greater benefits. For highly compact middleweights, a shift from private cars to other non-AV modes of transportation would be the smartest choice. © 2022
Research Summary: Knowledge protection strategies are crucial to innovating firms facing the risk of knowledge leakage. We examine the threat of worker departure as a key mechanism through which firms choose between patents and secrecy. We exploit a 1998 California court decision that ruled out-of-state noncompetes were not enforceable in California, thereby creating a loophole limiting non-California firms in their enforcement of noncompetes against their workers. When facing a higher threat of worker departure, firms strategically increased patent filings, exchanging legal protection for public disclosure of the invention. These effects were magnified for large-sized firms and for those in complex and fast-growing industries. Further mechanism tests on the possession of trade secrets, inventor migration, saliency of the decision, and independent inventors support our theoretical account. Managerial Summary: Innovating firms may use patents or secrecy, among other mechanisms, to protect their knowledge from leakage. How do firms make this important strategic choice? By using a natural experiment arising from a 1998 California court decision, we show the risk of worker departure can be a key driver. The decision significantly increased the risk of workers departing non-California firms. Our findings show that, in response to the heightened risk, affected firms increasingly relied on patents, seeking legal protection although it meant public disclosure of the invention. The effects were greater for large-sized firms and for those in complex and fast-growing industries. We encourage managers to consider worker mobility and, more broadly, legal environments that govern labor market conditions when formulating knowledge protection strategies. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: This study aims to evaluate the impact of perceived cause- related marketing (perceived-CRM) on the repurchase intention (CRIN). Besides, brand image (BIMA) and customer satisfaction (CSAT) connect this relationship as mediating variables. Especially, the role of perceived corporate social responsibility (perceived-CSR) contributed to this nexus between perceived-CRM and BIMA, perceived-CRM and CSAT in emerging economies. Design/methodology/approach: The paper follows a quantitative approach. Based on a comprehensive literature review on perceived-CSR, perceived-CRM, BIMA, CSAT and repurchase intention, the authors evaluate the impact of those constructs on repurchase intention in an emerging market. The study sample was composed of 395 responses covering customers of consumer goods. The study uses the Smart PLS-SEM version 3.3.2 to analyze the data. Findings: The findings revealed significant contributions to the extant CRM literature in some ways. This study's outcomes contribute to extending the existing literature on CRM and CSR. Specifically, the extension focuses on the mediating and moderating effects of BIMA, CSAT and perceived-CSR, respectively, in the relationship between perceived-CRM and CRIN. Moreover, the novelty of this study lies in providing a new approach to the influence of perceived-CRM on CRIN, with the mediating of BIMA, CSAT and moderating effects perceived-CSR integrated into a conceptual model. Practical implications: From a management perspective, the contribution of this study plays a very important role in strategic planning to enhance competitive advantage and improve business performance on a sustainable basis. This sustainability is founded on an insight into how changes in contextual factors affect the perception and consumer behavior of millennials in fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) market, especially in a context of Covid-19 global crisis. It is important to emphasize that genuineness and transparency in all activities and communications are a prerequisite in today's sensitive context. The application of acquired insight into practice will help businesses operating in the consumer sector improve brand reputation and CSAT. As a result, this leads to enhanced competitive advantage of the business in the market, improved market performance and ultimately to an improvement in the overall performance of the enterprise. Originality/value: This is the first study that explores the moderating role of perceived CSR on the nexus between perceived-CRM with brand image (BIMA) and CSAT to the best of our knowledge. Besides, the study also discovers the mediating role of BIMA and CSAT between perceived-CRM and repurchase-intention in an emerging economy. Findings in this study provided additional evidence to the increasingly important roles of perceived-CRM and perceived-CSR in creating win-win relationships with customers, aiming to solve specific social causes jointly. Further, the perceived-CRM and perceived-CSR mechanisms help businesses enhance their intangible assets and competitive advantages through enhanced BIMA and stronger CRIN. In the current context, the business environment is changing rapidly due to many factors that lead to increased competition at a global level. Therefore, improving competitive advantage is a mandatory condition for businesses to survive and develop sustainably. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Sustainable infrastructure has gained popularity in recent years due to its huge potential to facilitate the development of social, environmental and economic sustainability. Considering limited research efforts have been made to assess the drivers for sustainable infrastructure development, this paper contributes to the body of knowledge by addressing two aspects: first, it identifies the driving factors in a broader context, including technological, organisational, environmental and financial aspects; and, second, it evaluates the correlation between the driving factors using confirmatory factor analysis and ranks the factors based on their relative importance. The analysis outcomes suggest that organisational drivers such as organisational culture, management support and stakeholders’ demand play the most important role in promoting sustainable infrastructure development. This research also provides insights into the ranking of the identified drivers, which provides a valuable reference for policymakers and project stakeholders to facilitate sustainable infrastructure practices at the strategic level. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
A health, safety, and environment management system is currently utilized as one of the appropriate solutions to deal with the adverse effects of industrial development and human activities; therefore, the present study was to identify human factors shaping sustainable development planning. This applied research, adopting an exploratory approach, was fulfilled in 2020 with selected statistical population of university professors as well as HSE experts from different organizations and industries in Tehran Province, Iran. Quantitative and qualitative methods (i.e., mixed-methods sequential design) were recruited. The qualitative data were accordingly collected via the Delphi technique, using in-depth interviews, and the quantitative ones were obtained through a questionnaire, whose validity and reliability were confirmed by expert opinions and Cronbach's alpha/combined reliability, respectively. The data were also analyzed by interpretive-structural modeling in the SPSS Statistics software and the SmartPLS software. The validation of the final model was further completed using interviews with the participants plus the reviews of non-participating expert opinions. Moreover, examining the research model via the partial least squares (PLS) analysis revealed t-value = 7.960 beside goodness of fit (GOF) = 0.905, indicating the proper fit of the model and the significant relationship between sustainable development and the HSE-MS. The analysis of the algorithm in the SmartPLS software correspondingly identified consequential, intervening, strategic, and underlying factors with the standard path coefficients (β) of 0.261, 0.250, 0.210, 0.203, and 0.146, respectively, which had the greatest impacts on sustainable development planning. Therefore, improving these factors would help establish sustainable development and provide a better future for communities. © 2022, The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Iranian Society of Environmentalists (IRSEN) and Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University.
Wildfires are increasing in size and severity and fire seasons are lengthening, largely driven by climate and land-use change. Many plant species from fire-prone ecosystems are adapted to specific fire regimes corresponding to historical conditions and shifts beyond these bounds may have severe impacts on vegetation recovery and long-term species persistence. Here, we conduct a meta-analysis of field-based studies across different vegetation types and climate regions to investigate how post-fire plant recruitment, reproduction and survival are affected by fires that occur outside of the historical fire season. We find that fires outside of the historical fire season may lead to decreased post-fire recruitment, particularly in obligate seeding species. Conversely, we find a general increase in post-fire survival in resprouting species. Our results highlight the trade-offs that exist when considering the effects of changes in the seasonal timing of fire, an already present aspect of climate-related fire regime change. © 2022, The Author(s).
This work presents new practices that can be followed in health and wellness tourism destinations, with a greater focus on promoting human wellbeing, based on the strategy presented for the Caldas da Cavaca Thermal Spa Resort in Portugal. In this study, the methodology used was based on empirical data collection. Four techniques were used, namely a benchmarking strategy, complemented by questionnaires to managers of thermal spas, and a questionnaire survey aimed at the clients and managers of Caldas da Cavaca. In this strategy, a set of 40 strategic actions were defined. These actions are in line with the policies and strategies defined by public decision‑making international, national, regional and local organizations. In this sense, with regard to the promotion of quality of life and wellbeing, it is possible to highlight 14 measures that strengthen this orientation. Caldas da Cavaca should position itself as an innovative, attractive thermal wellness destination that invites a healthy lifestyle, in a calm and peaceful environment in interaction with nature. © 2022 University of La Laguna. All rights reserved.
Electrolytic hydrogen production using renewable sources can play a central role in global decarbonization. However, the direct coupling of electrolyzers with renewable energies can cause frequent shutdowns and high production fluctuations unless adopting electrical storage systems or using electricity from the grid that is generally not completely decarbonized. In this study, a system consisting of a wind turbine, short-term battery storage, and an alkaline electrolyzer was analyzed through annual simulations in MATLAB. A power management strategy sets the electrolyzer and battery operating conditions. Firstly, several battery and electrolyzer sizes were investigated for a given wind site for three scenarios (0%grid, 20%grid, and 100%grid) in which the grid guarantees the electrolyzer operation at a minimum load of 0%, 20%, and 100%, respectively. Secondly, the effect of the wind speed distribution on the system performance was investigated by comparing sixteen different wind sites in the 0%grid scenario. The battery presence always led to a LCOH increase. The 20%grid scenario represented a good compromise between the minimization of specific CO2 emissions, and the minimization of LCOH (that was always lower compared to the 0%grid scenario and the lowest without battery). The shape parameter of the fitted Weibull wind speed distribution did not affect the system. Instead, a greater scale parameter led to both greater hydrogen production and a lower LCOH. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The adoption of electric vehicles has led to a transition towards sustainable mobility. However, there has been a lack of research considering the effects of vehicle fleet electrification on asphalt pavement infrastructure. This study quantifies the impact of vehicle fleet changes on the global warming potential of asphalt concrete pavement systems across the United States via a comprehensive life cycle assessment model. The case studies encompass a large range of scenarios, including rural and urban Interstate highways, low and high carbon grid mixes, and low and high electric vehicle adoption rates. The inclusion of fleet electrification reduces the global warming potential of typical rural and urban Interstate highway pavements in the United States between 7% and 24%. This finding suggests that the adoption of electric vehicles will lower the global warming impact of the pavement use stage across all regions of the United States. Our findings and model can enable decision-makers to account for the environmental impact of electric vehicles on pavement infrastructure and discern their effects when developing sustainable management strategies. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Revenue management (RM) has been a strategic priority for airlines for decades. More recently, ancillary revenues and targeted offers for diverse customers have become increasingly relevant. Hence, airlines need to evolve their RM into offer management, complementing flight pricing with dynamic bundling, ancillary pricing and assortment. This research designs a conceptual architecture for customized real-time offer management, expanding on existing literature in several directions. It develops a machine learning framework for highly granular customer segmentation, whilst addressing three potential challenges of data sparsity, curse of dimensionality, and model understandability. The research aims to enhance customer satisfaction through customized offers and improve pricing decisions through more granular willingness-to-pay estimation. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Incorporating the assessment of ecosystem services into land management decisions is increasingly recognized as an opportunity to support sustainable development. This, however, can be particularly challenging within the productive sector, a highly technical system often driven by multi-level private entities. Here we present five key challenges, and suggest their corresponding solutions, when promoting the operationalization of ecosystem services within agribusiness. The challenges we developed are as follows: (a) building a common understanding of ecosystem services; (b) navigating strong power dynamics; (c) a highly technical system with diverse types of expertise; (d) limited understanding of the opportunity costs of alternative practices and (e), dealing with uncertainty. We draw on our experience generated through the Wine, Climate Change and Biodiversity programme, a science-based initiative promoting the conservation of biodiversity and strategic use of ecosystem services in Chilean vineyards. Synthesis and applications. This perspective piece provides advice to scientists and practitioners on how to navigate technical and practical challenges when promoting the incorporation of ecosystem services into agricultural management. While the assessment of ecosystem services can be a highly technical process, its successful integration into land management decisions relies on active engagement, balancing expectations and an ability to construct a shared understanding among different stakeholders. The approaches suggested here rely on principles of co-production and are illustrated with examples that are transferable to other crop and geographical contexts. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Applied Ecology © 2022 British Ecological Society.
The Bow River's 2013 flood was the costliest natural disaster in the City of Calgary's history. Flood-induced bar growth and subsequent riparian vegetation colonization at many locations has constricted the river channel, which increases flood risk. Although bar removal has been widely employed as a flood mitigation strategy, its effectiveness and associated impacts are still uncertain. This study employs Delft3D to develop a two-dimensional (2D) morphodynamic model in order to evaluate the impacts of a conventional plan of bar removal and a novel plan of bar realignment in terms of flood mitigation, aquatic habitat protection and river recreation realization. A hydrodynamic model was firstly developed and calibrated using post-flood spatially distributed velocimetry data. A morphodynamic model was then developed and validated using post-flood bed elevation survey data. Then, the future channel response and flood peak levels using different bar management plans were modelled and compared. Results show that appropriate bar realignment can protect aquatic habitat and provide river recreation opportunities while bar removal performs the better in terms of lowering the future flood peak level. The findings indicate that manipulation on instream bars has little morphological impact to downstream reach and creating a less obstructed channel is the fundamental strategy in flood mitigation. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Despite its effects on organisations, dissatisfaction is an under-researched topic in management. This research provides a model built upon evaluation theory that helps to understand the motives, negative emotions, confrontation strategies and legitimacy when consumers are not satisfied with the services given. This model is tested in a sample of 844 people using structural equation modelling. The research findings show the impact of reputation and identification in dissatisfaction and the importance of managing dissatisfaction to improve trust and loyalty. Managers can use these results to development strategic plans and marketing strategies in order to attract and retain more consumers. © 2022 The Authors. Managerial and Decision Economics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Human resource management (HRM) systems have been extensively analyzed in academic research yet limited attention has been paid to the role of HRM dynamic capabilities (DC) and their impact on resources and practices, employee well-being and firm performance. Our study bridges this gap by defining a new categorization of HRM DC based on their ultimate aims: building knowledge, advancing social integration and developing reconfiguration-enhancing mechanisms. In parallel, we offer an integrative framework to shed light on how strategic human resource management (SHRM) can accelerate HRM DC development. Through this conceptual process model and typology of capabilities, we deepen the discussion around the core components of HRM systems, HRM DC, and their effects on resources and practices, employee well-being and performance. In practical terms, HRM DC represent a promising driver of sustainable long-term organizational growth by enabling firms to boost their strategic agility and capacity to navigate in the presence of environmental dynamism. © 2021 The Authors
Antimony is considered a critical and strategically important metal and is used in a wide range of products. This study examines major antimony supply chain disruptions from 1913 to 2018 and analyses how resilience mechanisms and price feedback loops contributed to supply chain resilience. We found that the antimony diversity of supply of both mining and refining is low, but is enhanced by recycling, around 25% of global antimony supply is produced via recycling of antimony bearing metal alloys. Based on production volume, almost 70% of antimony was mined as by- or co-product in 2018, indicating a high supply risk. However, the presence of unrecovered by-products can also make the supply more elastic. Substitution is possible for some antimony applications, but for one of the main applications, flame retardants, performance of substitutes is still considered inadequate. Overall, stockpiling played a significant role in both dampening and exacerbating supply disruptions. It is recommended that the mined production and processing capabilities are diversified, stockpiles are explored as a mechanism to absorb sudden shortages, and, most importantly, recycling of antimony (trioxide) should be further improved. © 2022 The Author(s)
Purpose: The paper investigates how talent management influences employee performance in the banking industry in Nigeria. Despite various economic policies of the Central Bank of Nigeria aimed at reshaping the banking industry, talent management and development for the digital age is the concern of the most bank. Rapid digital transformation has been affecting the banking industry, which requires the banking industry to rethink a strategic way to achieve inclusive, resilient, and sustainable growth. Design/methodology/approach: The questionnaires were used to obtain information from 302 full-time employees of the top five banks in the Nigerian banking industry. The collected data were analyzed using the Partial Least Square-Structural Equation Model (PLS-SEM). Findings: This study shows that talent attraction and development significantly and positively influence task performance. In comparison, talent retention was found to have no significant effect on task performance. This study found that work engagement positively mediates talent attraction, development and task performance. Work engagement did not mediate the relationship between talent retention and task performance. Originality/value: For the industry to motivate high-performing employees in this digital economy, talent management will need to be carefully designed to create the most enduring competitive advantage. In conclusion, this study will benefit the Nigerian banking industry by apprehending the predictors of task performance so that the prevalence of poor task performance among the employees is well managed. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Websites are the most important element of company strategy in the digital space. Therefore, establishing strategic management of online business is essential to improve firm connectedness and competitiveness and to achieve global company reach. This paper aims to propose the analysis of technical and content quality of websites to identify the main weaknesses and strengths of online business. Design/methodology/approach: An innovative measurement instrument called IWebQEI is designed to measure web quality level. This instrument is validated with data from 104 international companies. The results are used to verify whether there are quality differences between informative and e-commerce websites. Findings: The main findings indicate that e-commerce websites achieve greater levels of technical and content quality than informative sites, and companies implementing e-commerce pay more attention to the content quality dimension. In contrast, companies using an informative website are more focused on the technical quality dimension. Based on these results, practical insights are offered to improve the strategic management of e-commerce. Originality/value: Few studies have focused on analysing the technical and content quality of websites to identify the main weaknesses and strengths of online business. The results offer important theoretical and practical contributions for companies on how to manage their website to improve firm connectivity and competitiveness. © 2022, Sara Herrada-Lores, M. Ángeles Iniesta-Bonillo and Antonia Estrella-Ramón.
Research Summary: This paper builds theoretical arguments and shows empirical evidence of the direct benefits and indirect costs of corporate volunteering in developing countries. Spanning corporate and humanitarian sectors to work in challenging environments should activate motivational and learning benefits for participating employees. However, results from a field study of a 10-year partnership between logistics provider TNT and the United Nations World Food Program show that such boundary-spanning corporate social responsibility (CSR) can be a double-edged sword. Task interdependence with nonprofit peers while volunteering strengthens employees' partnership identification and institutional learning. However, institutional learning triggers identity strain (associated with attrition) when they return, unless firms foster a sense that they recognize CSR experiences as valuable. The findings inform the behavioral and micro-foundations of the potential consequences of CSR. Managerial Summary: Firms expect to benefit from corporate volunteering programs in developing countries through employee motivation and new skill acquisition. This paper shows that task interdependence with nonprofit peers during such programs can strengthen employees' identification with a corporate-nonprofit partnership and generate valuable institutional learning about operating in challenging environments. However, institutional learning can also trigger unanticipated costs in the form of identity strain (and, ultimately, attrition) when employees return, unless they feel their CSR experience is valued. Thus, firms should foster task interdependence during corporate volunteer assignments and CSR recognition to validate institutional learning when employees return. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The United Nations Principles for Responsible Management Education (PRME) champion responsible management education and research globally by instilling social responsibility values in students through teaching, research, and service. As investment capital shifts toward sustainable opportunities and companies recognize the limitations of an exclusive focus on shareholders (to the exclusion of broader stakeholders), the demand for social responsibility focused students has increased. How can business schools meet the dual challenge of recognizing those students with strong global sustainability perceptions, while encouraging those without those perceptions to shift? Our empirical approach uses a freed measurement model to offer a holistic understanding of the precursors of students’ perceptions of ethics and social responsibility. We provide actionable steps for business schools in implementing new pedagogical interventions that provide individualized approaches for increasing students’ perceptions of social responsibility. For students without strong prosocial values, we propose improving their perceptions of social responsibility indirectly through changing attitudes or directly via value system rank order change. © The Author(s) 2022.
Coal-fired power plants (CPPs) are important participants in the field of climate change. Many CPPs rely on large amounts of water, which makes them vulnerable to climate change. Through the theoretical modeling and case study, the paper investigated the climate change adaptation strategies of CPPs from both short-run and long-run perspectives. In the short-run, the role of increasing cooling water intake to adapt to the adverse climate conditions is limited by local water supply capacity, environmental regulations, and existing technology. In the long-run, the CPP operator’s adaptation retrofitting decisions are affected by multiple factors including the expected impacts of climate change, remaining lifespan, initial retrofit cost, and interest rate. But climate change information may not make difference to CPP operators’ adaptation decisions in some circumstances. No matter adaptation retrofit can bring “additional benefits,” the government’s incentive policies can induce the CPP operator to invest in adaptation retrofit no later than when the impacts of climate change appear. The incentive policies’ ability to promote adaptation strategies to break through the profit threshold is the key to achieve the government’s expected adaptation strategies. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
In this paper, we consider two supply chains each consisting of a manufacturer sells products to customers through an exclusive retailer to investigate the issue of whether the manufacturers with differentiated absorptive capacity will invest in uncertain process innovation under knowledge spillovers. To this end, we develop game-theoretic models with bilateral investment, unilateral investment, and no-investment. Analysis of the equilibrium outcomes shows that the manufacturers when confronted with weak (strong) spillovers will (not) invest. If a manufacturer's knowledge seldom spills over while the opposite is true for the competitor, they behave as the unique investor and free-rider, respectively. If both of them are exposed to medium spillovers, there exist thresholds below which the investment strategies are asynchronous, and they are synchronous otherwise. Moreover, we reveal that: (i) bilateral investment may yield lose-lose, lose-win, win-lose, or win-win outcomes for the manufacturers; (ii) the manufacturer with weak absorptive capacity may invest even though it almost learns nothing from external knowledge; and (iii) if the success probability of innovation is high, the investment strategies hinge on the intensity of knowledge spillovers. Otherwise, the manufacturers generally have fewer incentives to invest. Finally, we extend the model to verify the robustness of the key findings in situations with cross-selling and channel integration, respectively, as well as shed some light on the effects of different supply chain structures on the manufacturers’ incentives to invest in uncertain process innovation. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Demand Response (DR) keeps up an important character in the growth of electricity generation with transmission and distribution in the phase of advanced grid automation. For future smart grid, basically two types of Demand Side Management strategies have been used with a number of shiftable or controllable devices. In this research article, two new variants of Biogeography Based Optimization (BBO) algorithm named as Iteration Control BBO and Pandemic BBO are proposed for solving the minimization problem and definitions of these variants have been made by change in migration control a→ vector. These two variants are indirectly support the principle of No Free Lunch theorem. The beauty of these variants is that they are reported the impact of divergence in BBO on efficient energy strategy of DSM. The simulation results reported in this paper claims that the used DSM techniques acquire financial savings, while lowering and shifting peak load. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
Purpose: This study aims to verify the influence of chief executive officer (CEO) cognitive trust and governmental support on marketing innovation. Additionally, it evaluated the influence of CEO cognitive trust on the marketing innovation of small, medium and micro enterprises (SMMEs). Design/methodology/approach: The authors empirically assessed the impact of CEO cognitive trust on SMME marketing innovation. Furthermore, the authors examined the mediating effect of governmental support on this relationship. The authors then studied a sample of 1,770 SMMEs in China by applying partial least squares structural equation modeling. Findings: The authors found that CEO cognitive trust was negatively associated with marketing innovation. Moreover, governmental support has a competitive mediating effect on this relationship. Thus, while governmental support is urgently needed to enhance the marketing innovation of SMMEs, CEO cognitive trust negatively impacts this relationship. Research limitations/implications: This study empirically establishes the importance of CEO cognitive trust and governmental support as antecedents in SMME marketing innovation. This contributes to the knowledge base of the management field, adding to important streams in the wider business literature, such as marketing studies, leadership management, strategic management and innovation. While the model is parsimonious, the relationships it highlights are robust and can be generalized to other contexts. Practical implications: Managers must not only have high levels of trust and authority but must also embody these characteristics rationally. Simultaneously, managers must actively establish a trusting relationship with the government, thereby improving their company’s ability to integrate government policy information while also actively seeking governmental support. These measures are helpful in enhancing the marketing innovation capabilities of SMMEs. Social implications: SMMEs occupy an important position in all countries’ economies and their vitality directly determines the strength of the economy. Formulating reasonable marketing strategies will help enhance market competitiveness and promote the rapid development of SMMEs. Originality/value: The literature on marketing innovation has paid little attention to CEO cognitive trust, while CEOs’ cognitive characteristics are an increasingly relevant antecedent in SMME marketing innovation. This study analyzed CEO cognitive trust as a possible antecedent of marketing innovation activities in SMMEs, with this influence path being evaluated. This study extends the current knowledge in this field by considering the effects of CEO cognitive trust on marketing innovation. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Political management is about getting things done in campaigns, parties and government. Political organizations can use management concepts such as strategic planning, human resources and organizational design to help them achieve their goals. Research into specifically how management is used by political practitioners – political staffers and politicians – in government is limited. This study aims to fill that gap. Design/methodology/approach: The authors review the limited literature on political management, outline interview methodology, results and conclude with overall lessons drawn out using the qualitative data analysis software NVivo. Findings: This study identifies the aspects of political management that political practitioners saw as the most important, the difference between managing in business and politics, and why. Research limitations/implications: This study provides suggestions for what future empirical research should focus on, noting a focus on informal behavior that relate to people and power that are not seen from outside the organization. Originality/value: The perspectives of high-level practitioners help give a view to what political management really is. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Due to the combination of aerodynamic and buoyant lift, a multi-lobes hybrid air vehicle (HAV) is very suitable for cargo transportation, communications and surveillance in the stratosphere. Solar cells can be used as an ideal energy source for the HAV because of its flat upper surface and sufficient solar radiation in the stratosphere. A hybrid energy system that combines solar cells, fuel cells and lithium batteries is considered to power the HAV in this paper. To better manage the various energy subsystems and achieve optimal flight performance, a power-following management strategy, which is a typical rule-based energy management strategy(EMS), is constructed for the hybrid energy system of the HAV. The EMS takes into account the high specific power of lithium batteries and the high specific energy of fuel cells to improve the endurance of HAV while ensuring the maneuverability during takeoff and landing. The simulation results show that output of each energy subsystem not only meets the power demand of the HAV, but also conforms to output characteristics of each subsystem. Furthermore, the simulation analysis is also carried out to investigate the impact of one of the energy failures on energy management and corresponding strategies are given. The results show the advantages of EMS proposed in this paper, which can provide a reference for the design of HAV. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Under the vision of global carbon neutrality and peaking, the vigorous development of easily accessible renewable energy sources, such as wind energy, is extremely important. However, achieving accurate and reliable forecasts remains a challenging problem owing to the irregularity and volatility of wind speed data. Existing forecasting modules based on point prediction ignore the limitations of a single forecasting algorithm, fail to capture the wind speed uncertainty in data or achieve high forecasting accuracy. To overcome these shortcomings, an ensemble system of decomposition, adaptive selection, and forecast was proposed to simulate the actual wind speed data of a wind farm. Empirical analyses show that an excellent denoising effect is achieved by the data decomposition method. Moreover, the adaptability of forecasting modules to complex data is improved by the optimal submodel selection strategy. The reduction coefficients are effectively optimized by the multi-objective bald eagle search algorithm used for the first time. This system not only improves the point forecasting accuracy but also analyzes the uncertainty of wind speed, providing actual technical support for grid dispatching. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Although the circular economy is a key strategy to mitigate climate change, the relationship between them has rarely been investigated. This study aims to fill this gap by applying a life cycle assessment to evaluate the benefits of circularity interventions in the tanning industry. We compared the baseline scenario with no circular actions a circular scenario with salt recovery and tannin baths reuse. We then calculated the environmental benefits with regard to vegetable-tanned leather. Although our results proved the positive effects of the circularity activities adopted in the production phase, the environmental impacts related to the upstream supply chain of the leather accounted for 85% of the total negative impact. In fact, the environmental benefits obtained were completely nullified by the impact of cattle raising and slaughtering, which even led to a slight deterioration in the circular scenario. Our study highlighted the need to better align interventions designed to promote circularity and mitigate climate change by expanding the range of actions to the company's suppliers. We revealed that a green supply chain management is key to achieving circularity and a zero-carbon future. Lastly, we also highlighted the importance of adopting life cycle assessments to evaluate the effects of circular business models, but especially to identify the main environmental hotspots. By using an LCA, organisations will be able to avoid circular washing, i.e., circular practices that provide only limited benefits in relation to the overall environmental footprint. © 2022
The unique strategic location and extensive exploitation of the oil and gas resources in the Persian Gulf have made this ecosystem exposures to a variety of environmental pollutants. In here, spatial distributions of heavy metals Cu, Ni, Zn, Pb, Cd, Cr and V in sediments and water, as well as their ecological risks were assessed from nine coastal stations located in the West of Bandar Abbas, North of Persian Gulf. The inverse distance weighted (IDW) in ArcGIS was used to illustrate the spatial distribution of heavy metals in sampling area. The findings indicated a considerable degree of trace metal pollution for Ni, Cu and Pb, as well as, environmental heterogeneity occurring at close spatial scale in sediments and waters. The sediment heavy metals significantly correlated to the surface heavy metals indicating their release from the sediments to the water column. The average pollution indices indicated that the sediments in the study area were moderately to considerable contaminated with the studied heavy metals. The central and North-Eastern stations of area had the highest intensity of contamination, whereas the West and South-Eastern stations of area indicated the lowest intensity of contamination. Nickel showed as risk priority metal and the central and North-Eastern areas as the risk priority areas. Common sources were found for heavy metals studies mainly originated from both agricultural and industrial pollution sources in North Persian Gulf. In general, findings indicate the potential need for subsequent management and control pollution sources on a large spatial scale in the Persian Gulf. © 2022, The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Iranian Society of Environmentalists (IRSEN) and Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University.
Airlines are rapidly developing online-to-offline and business-to-consumer operation models. They continually invest in information technology (IT) to secure their competitive advantage and use it to manage collaboration and improve their communication with travel agencies or business partners. Within the framework of resource dependence theory and institutional theory, this study used the perspective of airline IT technicians to explore how the interaction between IT technicians and technology affects the operational performance of airlines and how airlines used IT to integrate operations and improve their competitive advantage. The empirical results revealed that airline IT infrastructure and the behavioral capability of their IT technicians significantly affect the business process integration and business IT strategic thinking of airlines, thereby improving their IT competitive advantage. The results of this study can serve as a reference for research examining how IT improves business competitive advantage, which can be applied to future management strategies in aviation-related businesses. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
This paper examines the retail water service market introduced in England in 2017, which allows non-domestic consumers to choose their water retailer. Market competition was intended to motivate service improvement and enhance water-use efficiency. Interview and survey data on the responses of incumbent water companies and the impact on consumers reveal varied strategic responses but no significant change in service quality or bills. High transaction costs linked to market complexity, incompetent data management, asymmetric information, and regulatory restrictions account for the limited impact of market opening. Finally, contrary to expectation, the retail market does not appear to affect water-use efficiency uptake significantly. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
As a major component of strategic talent management, learning and development (L&D) aims at improving the individual and organization performances through planning tailored training for employees to increase and improve their skills and knowledge. While many companies have developed the learning management systems (LMSs) for facilitating the online training of employees, a long-standing important issue is how to achieve personalized training recommendations with the consideration of their needs for future career development. To this end, in this article, we present a focused study on the explainable personalized online course recommender system for enhancing employee training and development. Specifically, we first propose a novel end-to-end hierarchical framework, namely Demand-aware Collaborative Bayesian Variational Network (DCBVN), to jointly model both the employees' current competencies and their career development preferences in an explainable way. In DCBVN, we first extract the latent interpretable representations of the employees' competencies from their skill profiles with autoencoding variational inference based topic modeling. Then, we develop an effective demand recognition mechanism for learning the personal demands of career development for employees. In particular, all the above processes are integrated into a unified Bayesian inference view for obtaining both accurate and explainable recommendations. Furthermore, for handling the employees with sparse or missing skill profiles, we develop an improved version of DCBVN, called the Demand-aware Collaborative Competency Attentive Network (DCCAN) framework, by considering the connectivity among employees. In DCCAN, we first build two employee competency graphs from learning and working aspects. Then, we design a graph-attentive network and a multi-head integration mechanism to infer one's competency information from her neighborhood employees. Finally, we can generate explainable recommendation results based on the competency representations. Extensive experimental results on real-world data clearly demonstrate the effectiveness and the interpretability of both of our frameworks, as well as their robustness on sparse and cold-start scenarios.  © 2021 Association for Computing Machinery.
The Loess Plateau is a typical dryland agricultural region where water shortages are the primary limiting factor for crop production. Deep soil moisture plays a crucial role in the regulation of seasonal water shortages, however, the distribution of soil water and its temporal variation in the deep soil profile (i.e., below 2.0 m) are usually unknown in a dryland agricultural field. A field study of three cropping systems (i.e., WWC, continuous winter wheat; SMC, continuous spring-maize; and WMR, a rotation of winter wheat and spring maize) and three tillage practices (i.e., NT, no tillage; ST, subsoiling tillage; and CT, conventional tillage) was carried out in a semi-arid region, and the crop yield, vertical distribution patterns and temporal variability of the soil moisture in a 5.0 m soil profile were studied to evaluate the effect of the various management strategies on the soil water sustainability. The results indicated that the WMR and SMC systems combined with ST practice obtained higher crop yield and water use efficiency, compared to the WWC system. And the time-averaged soil moisture for the three cropping systems differed significantly (P < 0.05). The WWC system can utilize soil water below 2.0 m and caused greater soil water depletion in the 0–5.0 m soil layer. However, no significant differences in the soil water content were found among the different tillage practices. The top soil layer showed a higher index of temporal stability (ITS) value for all cropping systems, but the ITS increased with soil depth in the deep soil profile (below 3.0 m) with the WWC system. Ultimately, the most time-stable depth (MTSD) for estimating the mean soil moisture of the profile was determined to be the 2.0–3.0 soil layer for all three systems based on the ITS values, but the mechanism by which the MTSD was formed differed for the various cropping systems. The soil moisture at the MTSD under WMR and SMC had high temporal stability, and contributed to better soil water sustainability in a dryland agricultural field. These findings may provide helpful base references for evaluating the effect of different management strategies on the soil water and the temporal stability parameters of soil moisture, as well as their impact on the sustainability of the deep soil moisture in a dryland agricultural field. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Sustainability is increasingly important in the wastewater treatment sector, and benchmarking studies are needed to identify the best practices in using resources efficiently. This work addresses this need by characterizing and benchmarking this sector in Portugal. Data from around 120 service providers, from 2015 to 2019, regarding inputs consumption, desirable and undesirable outputs, are used in a data envelopment analysis to benchmark these operators and to determine improvement potentials. A productivity change analysis revealed an increase from 2015 to 2019, essentially due to an increased technical efficiency. On the other hand, no real technological change seems to have occurred. A positive effect of the service providers dimension and certifications (quality, environmental and energy) on efficiency was found. Service providers with concessionary governance models and urban typology presented the highest efficiencies, whereas treatment plants underuse contributed negatively to efficiency. These results can inform the definition of strategic policies for the water sector, namely concerning the aggregation of small providers. The proposed methodology, based on the use of a comprehensive new set of studied variables and explanatory factors, allowed to determine the best characteristics regarding the techno-economic efficiency of Portuguese service providers, and can potentially be applied to identify role models in other countries. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Excessive emissions of CO2 have become an important factor affecting sustainable urban development. In the existing renewal decision-making, few strategies have been formulated with the goal of promoting the low-carbon development. As a fundamental building block of a city, low-carbon construction in neighborhoods is already the basis for promoting sustainable cities. Therefore, this study develops a carbon accounting methodology and an efficiency assessment model that are applicable at the neighborhood level to measure the carbon emission characteristics and reduction potential. Then, a decision-making framework for sustainable neighborhood renewal is put forward from the perspective of carbon emission mitigation. Through a case study of fifteen communities in Yuzhong District, Chongqing in China, this study reveals the current situation of community CO2 emission and carbon emission efficiency, and formulates the sustainable renewal paths according to local conditions. Results show that 83.16% (1.68E+08 kg) of the CO2 in the study communities comes from energy consumption, and CO2 absorption is only 1.78% (3.62E+06 kg) of the total emission. Meanwhile, the carbon emission efficiency of the fifteen study communities has a significant heterogeneity, with a mean value of 0.7402, and 80% of these communities are ineffective. These communities are ineffective mainly because the resource investment cannot be fully utilized. For example, the average utilization efficiency values for energy, purchased resources, and natural resources are 0.7427, 0.8113, and 0.4384, respectively. Thus, adopting adaptive renewal strategies to integrate the use of resources can effectively promote the construction of low-carbon neighborhoods. In addition, the research results can provide a basis for the organization and management of low-carbon renewal projects and the implementation of plans in other regions. © 2022
This study aims to investigate the applications of the Internet of Things (IoTs) and highlights the challenges faced to implement IoTs in Pakistani university libraries. This study opted exploratory sequential mixed-methods approach and was completed in two phases. In the first phase, purposefully selected university librarians were interviewed. In the second phase, quantitative data were collected from 122 university librarians across Pakistan. This study found that Pakistani university libraries implemented IoTs-based appliances including smart air conditioners, automatic fire alarms, smart hand sanitizer machines, and smart security doors. Moreover, the university libraries were using limited IoT-based services that are auto notification of check-out, check-in the reading materials, self-check-out and self-check-in system, recognition of user's card, and the use of Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tags for security perspective. The major challenges to implementing IoTs applications were found lack of a highly networked and integrated environment, budget problems, unavailability of policy and strategic plan, and the lack of technical personnel. This novel study explains the extent of IoTs applications and the challenges to adopt and implement IoTs in Pakistani university libraries. The research findings would be useful for library and university administrators who are interested to implement IoTs applications in their libraries. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Background: A cohesive and strategic governance approach is needed to improve the health workforce (HW). To achieve this, the WHO Global Strategy on Human Resources for Health (HRH) promotes mechanisms to coordinate HRH stakeholders, HRH structures and capacity within the health sector to support the development and implementation of a comprehensive HW agenda and regular reporting through WHO’s National Health Workforce Accounts (NHWA). Methods: Using an adapted HRH governance framework for guidance and analysis, we explored the existence and operation of HRH coordination mechanisms and HRH structures in Malawi, Nepal, Sudan and additionally from a global perspective through 28 key informant interviews and a review of 165 documents. Results: A unified approach is needed for the coordination of stakeholders who support the timely development and oversight of an appropriate costed HRH strategy subsequently implemented and monitored by an HRH unit. Multiple HRH stakeholder coordination mechanisms co-exist, but the broader, embedded mechanisms seemed more likely to support and sustain a comprehensive intersectoral HW agenda. Including all stakeholders is challenging and the private sector and civil society were noted for their absence. The credibility of coordination mechanisms increases participation. Factors contributing to credibility included: high-level leadership, organisational support and the generation and availability of timely HRH data and clear ownership by the ministry of health. HRH units were identified in two study countries and were reported to exist in many countries, but were not necessarily functional. There is a lack of specialist knowledge needed for the planning and management of the HW amongst staff in HRH units or equivalent structures, coupled with high turnover in many countries. Donor support has helped with provision of technical expertise and HRH data systems, though the benefits may not be sustained. Conclusion: While is it important to monitor the existence of HRH coordination mechanisms and HRH structure through the NHWA, improved ‘health workforce literacy’ for both stakeholders and operational HRH staff and a deeper understanding of the operation of these functions is needed to strengthen their contribution to HW governance and ultimately, wider health goals. © 2022, The Author(s).
This paper develops an optimization model for a sustainable closed-loop supply chain network with two conflicting objectives, namely, the minimization of the total logistic costs and the total amount of carbon emissions. The first objective relates to financial benefits, whereas the second represents the wider goal of guaranteeing cleaner air and hence a greener and healthier planet. The problem is first modelled as a mixed integer linear programming based-model. The aim is to determine the location of distribution centres and recycling centres, their respective numbers and the type of vehicles assigned to each facility. Vehicle type consideration, not commonly used in the literature, adds another dimension to this practical and challenging logistic problem. A matheuristic using compromise programming is put forward to tackle the problem. The proposed matheuristic is evaluated using a variety of newly generated datasets which produces compromise solutions that demonstrate the importance of an appropriate balance of both objective functions. The robustness analysis considering fluctuations in customer demand is assessed using Monte Carlo simulation. The results show that if the standard deviation of the demand falls within 10% of its average, the unsatisfied demand is insignificant, thus demonstrating the stability of supply chain configuration. This invaluable information is key towards helping senior management make relevant operational and strategic decisions that could impact on both the sustainability and the resilience of their supply chain networks.  © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications. All rights reserved.
This paper depicts the power system adequacy with respect to nuclear strategies by coupling investment with dispatching. The long-term energy model POLES simulates the Paris Agreement worldwide and is soft-linked with a power market model applied to France, EcoNUK. The nuclear flexibility is described by cycling frequency and amplitude, constrained by reactors minimum rated power and half-hour ramping rates. Results in 2050 show that the French power system made of 26% nuclear and 71% renewables in POLES needs deeper and longer flexibility with nuclear and gas in EcoNUK, due mainly to higher granular time-steps than the prospective model; and that reactors perform more deep cycles than allowed by their license (230 instead of 200). We show that scenarios with high shares of renewables build on the arbitrage between nuclear and gas, notably during peak loads in winter and night periods. Meeting the double target to reduce nuclear and carbon emissions requires more renewables, hence significant gas and nuclear power for adequacy, facing the dilemma nuclear versus emissions. Coupling short-term operation with long-term investment indicates that nuclear flexibility varies with the time-step of intermittency modeling, so scenarios need to include reactors constraints to reach an informed decision on renewables and nuclear. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This paper examines Indigenous perspectives on energy sustainabilities. We as Indigenous Elders and non-Indigenous scholars collectively explore how pipeline leaks that cost several Indigenous communities of the Treaty 6 region (known as western Canada). While the pipeline project has brought income to some, and wealth to the few, its impact on the environment and on the lives of many Indigenous groups is profoundly concerning. Indigenous communities are particularly vulnerable to pipeline leaks, yet have limited capacity to mitigate them as compared to larger urban centers. Using an Indigenist research framework, we used deep listening, traditional stories, reflective journals, cultural camps, and collective stories. We followed traditional protocols, continuous forms of consent, respect, and honour Indigenous Elders and Knowledge-keepers’ stories. We learned about community Elders, Knowledge-keepers, and leaders’ suggestions on how strategic decisions need to be made about pipeline leaks management and energy sustainabilities. The purpose of this paper is to provide Indigenous communities, particularly those communities of western Canada, with new community-led guidelines that can help them make strategic choices about pipeline leaks management to enhance their resiliency to energy. In this paper, we highlighted community suggestions on how to flip the traditional approach of fitting Indigenous ways of knowing into the Canadian legal structures by starting with Indigenous ways of knowing about the relationships of Indigenous people with land, water, and energy together with the impacts of the energy. We hope this paper may assist policy makers and Indigenous communities in sustainable energy policy development and provide a structured, transparent, and participatory decision support tool to government and communities to guide future energy management planning initiatives. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Increasing studies indicate that alternate wetting and drying irrigation (IAWD) can significantly increase water use efficiency in paddy fields, whereas this method may also cause high nitrous oxide (N2O) emissions. Therefore, effective management strategies are urgently required for ameliorating the adverse effect of IAWD on N2O emissions. Zeolite is increasingly used as a potential effective soil conditioner to reduce N2O emissions. However, few studies have been conducted to explore the effect of zeolite on N2O emissions and rice grain yield as well as the associated soil physicochemical properties in paddy fields under IAWD. Here, a two-year field experiment was conducted using lysimeters to assess the effect of two irrigation regimes (ICF: continuously flooded irrigation; IAWD: alternate wetting and drying irrigation) and two zeolite management regimes (ZU: urea alone (non-zeolite control); ZUZ: urea combined with zeolite (15 t ha−1)) on N2O emissions, rice grain yield, and soil physicochemical properties. The results showed that IAWD significantly increased N2O emissions by 18% relative to ICF, and ZUZ significantly reduced N2O emissions under IAWD by 9% compared to ZU. IAWD had no significant effect on rice grain yield compared to ICF. However, ZUZ significantly enhanced rice grain yield under ICF and IAWD by 11% and 14%, respectively, compared to ZU. Accordingly, ZUZ significantly decreased yield-scaled N2O emissions under ICF and IAWD by 13% and 19%, respectively, compared to ZU. Increases in soil NH4+-N concentrations and soil pH contribute to the N2O mitigation in ZUZ under IAWD. Altogether, our results highlight that zeolite combined with urea is likely a sustainable resource-efficient approach for mitigating N2O emissions while increasing rice grain yield in paddy fields under IAWD. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Environmental sustainability is becoming a leading indicator for evaluating supply chain management. This study considers two players, a manufacturer and a retailer, that offer substitutable products and compete in green and price-sensitive markets. This article studies members’ decisions regarding pricing competition and cooperation (marketing cost sharing) for green products in a vertical supply chain. Furthermore, it investigates the effects of their decisions to obtain an optimal profit on the green products supply chain using the Stackelberg game theory approach under competition. This article studies several new green products structures within a supply chain and researches their environmental performance impact. Environmental responsibilities are explored in a supply chain that consumers are informed about eco-friendly products. The manufacturer decides the wholesale of its products, designing and producing a new green product to maximize its expected profit. The retailer chooses the retail price and amount of effort for green marketing of the products to maximize its expected profit. The results show that cooperation may not always be to the benefit of all partners; therefore, the best strategy for all partners is when an association is not applied. According to the research results, the retailer tends to produce and sell greener products (higher greenness) to maximize profits. At the same time, the manufacturer has to spend more cost to make greener products. The main influential factor for choosing the type of production of green products is market size. If the market size is more than predicted, the best choice for the production of green products is development-intensive green products; conversely, if the market potential is low, marginal cost-intensive green products are the best choice. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Today, energy management is of strategic importance, and evaluating options is an important step for decision-makers in energy management. The lack of strategy for the future of Northern Cyprus in the energy sector constitutes the main motivation of this article. The application of the proposed methodology to Northern Cyprus is novel and has not been applied in any of its scientific areas before. This study proposes an integrated approach to identifying strategic energy alternatives with Multi-Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) methods based on Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats (SWOT). The proposed model has a three-stage structure; in the first stage, SWOT analysis was used for the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of internal and external factors affecting the energy sector, along with TOWS analysis to determine alternative strategies. In the second stage, analytical network processing (ANP) was used to weight the SWOT factors, and in the third stage, fuzzy ideal solution similarity order performance (FTOPSIS) methods were used to rank alternative energy strategies. In the final results, alternative energy strategies proposed for the Northern Cyprus energy sector were ranked according to their priority values. While the most preferred energy strategy by the decision-makers was establishing an interconnected connection to the mainland, the least preferred strategy was determined as laying a natural gas pipeline to the mainland. Both options point to the strategic and geopolitical critical importance of Northern Cyprus’ location in the Eastern Mediterranean in energy transmission. On the other hand, it is gratifying that the strategy based on primary energy takes the bottom rank. © 2022 The Author(s)
An economic dispatch model of Micro-grids (MGs) considering flexible regulation demand response of central air-conditioning load is proposed in this paper. In the modeling of air-conditioning load interaction, the operation characteristics of air conditioning load and user's energy satisfaction requirements are considered in this paper. Moreover, to protect user's information privacy, a distributed solution strategy based on alternating direction method of multipliers with self-adaptive parameters (ADMM-SAP) is presented to achieve a distributed solution of MGs scheduling sub-problem and air-conditioning load scheduling sub-problem. Case studies demonstrate that the proposed model can achieve a better economic operation of MGs without violating central air-conditioning user's energy satisfaction, which can reduce total operation costs by 4.2%. And the ADMM-SAP based distribution solution strategy can achieve a distributed solution of two sub-problems without knowing the global information, which behaves a better convergence performance than standard ADMM. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Human beings are frequently confronted with complex systems that change dynamically over time. Correspondingly, so called eigendynamic effects are an important feature in complex problem solving (CPS) tasks. Eigendynamic effects describe increases or decreases in outcome variables over time without the individual's intervention. Identifying the eigendynamic effects from the start while exploring the system is reasonably an effective strategic behavior when systems are comprised of different effect types (i.e., eigendynamic effects alongside other effects). In this study, we hypothesized that the strategic behavior to identify eigendynamic effects early when exploring the system was related to CPS performance and mediated the relationship between intelligence and CPS performance. In a sample of N = 262 German high school students, the investigated strategic behavior predicted CPS performance when exploring the system (knowledge acquisition phase) and when controlling the system (knowledge application phase) in single CPS tasks and in a set of CPS tasks comprising of different effect types. In mediation models the strategic behavior to identify eigendynamic effects early mediated the intelligence-CPS performance relation in the knowledge acquisition phase, but not in the knowledge application phase. We discuss these findings in the light of how students interact with complex and dynamic systems, pointing to the importance of this strategic behavior for the relationship between intelligence and CPS. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Degradation of the natural environment has raised major concerns about organization sustainability. The growing trend towards integrating responsible environmentalism into the supply chain has required many organizations to pivot to adopting green supply chain practices. In this paper, we assert that the external environment exercises institutional pressure on organizations to adopting a market orientation, aided by managerial commitment, that espouses green supply chain practices as a strategic resource. A survey of 196 manufacturing managers, largely from the United States, United Kingdom, and India, found that institutional pressure had a significant impact on marketing orientation and market orientation had a significant impact on green supply chain practices. Managerial commitment played a key role in strengthening the relationship between market orientation and green supply chain practices. Lastly, the survey found no difference among United States, United Kingdom, and India manufacturers. We postulate that this no difference could be attributable to the tightly coupled systems found within manufacturing. © 2022 The Authors
Soil is a vital resource and non-renewable biodiversity during a human life, and without soil living in the world is impossible. The results of global research between agricultural soils and community health, thinkers have not yet reached promising results. For this purpose, 10 years of important environmental information consist of; the type of soil texture system process and related factors were received from official centers as well as in a survey (field). In this regard, to evaluate, analyze and conclude the process of the research area, the strategic multidisciplinary model (SMM), Excel and SPSS program were used. The 10-year information trend of the region (heights of the upstream), which was the findings of the operational research, showed that the conventional agricultural situation is not associated with the principle of convergence on the unity of environmental practice. In this multidisciplinary study, the percentage of (PU), clay and silt, (SOC), the ratio of (B/C) and (DRW), (AR) have decreased. In contrast to the decrease components, the percentage of sand, and (ND), (TUL), (LLS) has increased. So, with such a very strong research strategy in the target area, we were able to provide technical information to politicians and executives about the conventional methods of erosion of the components involved with the operational environment, for agriculture and sustainable natural resources. In the continuation of our efforts, we have been able to change the traditional negative beliefs in the target area of the research, on the components that promote the production of opportunity maker crops (endogenous products) in the upstream elevation regions of Mazandaran province, Iran. © 2022
Background: Designed in 2012 with a first implementation in 2013, NE STEM 4U is a professional development program for post-secondary students/undergraduates, and serves as a source of outreach, content knowledge generation, and STEM literacy for youth in grades kindergarten through 8th grade (ages 5–14). The model empowers post-secondary students as facilitators of inquiry-based learning within the context of an out-of-school time program. This study investigated the potential for replicating or ‘franchising’ this model by evaluating on the following: (1) Is the model replicable? And, if so, (2) what core elements are necessary for program fidelity? And (3) is there a dependency on a particular setting/participant type (e.g., a more rural or urban setting)? Results: Strategic expansion of the program to different institutional types (i.e., Research 1, Research II, and a predominantly undergraduate institution), different geographical locations (i.e., rural and urban), and with various school district partners (i.e., large and small) determined that program fidelity and replicability required 4 core elements or criteria: (i) intentional programming, (ii) staff quality, (iii) effective partnerships, and (iv) program evaluation and continuous improvement. Importantly, we examined emergent themes by each site, as well as in combination (n = 16 focus group participants, n = 12 reflection surveys). These data indicated that Flexibility (21.22%), Student Engagement (i.e., Youth) (19.53%), Classroom Management (i.e., also pertaining to youth) (19.31%), and Communication (15.71%) were the themes most referenced by the post-secondary student mentors in the NE STEM 4U program, regardless of site. Finally, the YPQA results demonstrate general replication of program quality in a “franchise” location. Conclusions: These results highlight the core elements of the NE STEM 4U program for consideration of expansion (through strategic replication or ‘franchising’) as a possible international model. The findings and voices highlight the program’s trajectory toward success into environments that expand professional development for post-secondary students, and for delivering STEM opportunities for youth. © 2022, The Author(s).
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to investigate Global Talent Management (GTM) approaches and praxis with a specific focus on global deployment goal congruence and alignment between expatriates and the organization, talent recognition, valuation and utilization of repatriates. Design/methodology/approach: Qualitative research in this paper entails interviews with 78 expatriates and repatriates across the globe, investigating their experiences with, perspectives on and perceptions of GTM praxis and approaches. Findings: Findings of this study revealed firstly, that there is incongruence and misalignment of goals in global deployment where organizational, financial goals prevailed over social and human-oriented goals. Secondly, a lack of global talent pools and pipelines where interviewees indicated that expatriate assignments (EAs) were typically reactionary without strategic forward thinking on talent management (TM), observable through organizations' focus on short-term return on investment (ROI) on EAs instead of long-term talent investments. Thirdly, there was little recognition and non-utilization of cross-cultural human capital and talents upon repatriation. Research limitations/implications: This study relied on self-reports of expatriates' and repatriates' perceptions of and experiences with GTM approaches. Future research should gather multi-actor, multiple-source data from expatriates and repatriates, senior leaders, line managers, GTM strategic business partners to gain more insight into GTM approaches and praxis. Practical implications: Organizations are recommended to conduct “Global Talent Management Open Strategy Formation” as the foundation of an evidence-based, integrative GTM architecture and praxis to ensure GTM effectiveness. Originality/value: This paper contributes to the literature by advocating for sustainable, people-centric GTM to safeguard the longevity and sustainability of all members of the talent ecosystem. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Coastal zones, which are strategic points of considerable importance to the tourism industry, are among the environments most affected by anthropogenic debris. Thus, it is crucial to monitor and implement management programs to provide immediate solutions. Here, we aimed to evaluate anthropogenic litter along 21 macrotidal sandy beaches in the Amazon region. Indices and multivariate statistical analyses were used to identify spatial patterns of pollution, as well as sources and lifetime of the items. A total of 20,286 items were collected, with an average density of 0.19 items/m2 and a predominance of plastics. Litter was associated with tourist and recreational activities. The lifetime of most items was <1 year. All beaches had intermediate levels of pollution. The analyses identified varying patterns of anthropogenic litter related to the cleaning frequency and waste item typologies. In conclusion, pollution of macrotidal beaches in the Amazon region is an emerging problem that requires measures to prevent and mitigate the impacts on this ecosystem and to reconsider the form of production and consumption of plastic waste. © 2022
Abstract: The article, based on extensive factual material, shows the path of the formation of the science of quality, its formation and development in the Russian Academy of Sciences. The birth of the Russian Academy of Sciences predetermined the development of the main elements of the scientific direction “Economics of Quality”: metrology, standardization, quality management. Among the main achievements are the creation of a multi-level quality management system, participation in the formation of strategic plans for the development of St. Petersburg and the North-Western Federal District, the development of unique methods for assessing the quality of life, the creation of a multilevel system for training personnel in economics and quality management. © 2022, Pleiades Publishing, Ltd.
Smart technologies in the Fourth Industrial Revolution can improve the performance of the construction industry with corresponding changes to project manager's knowledge and skills. This study investigated the impact of smart technologies on project management knowledge and skills required of project managers with the following research objectives: (1) to investigate the project management knowledge areas and skills that are important in managing projects with smart technologies; (2) to evaluate the changes in the relative importance of project management knowledge areas and skills in managing projects with smart technologies; and (3) to determine if project managers from different organisation domains perceive the importance of the knowledge and skills differently. Project communication, cost, and risk management were found to be most important, with changes in the importance of project integration, stakeholder, scope, and procurement management when managing projects with smart technologies. The top skills required were found to be problem solving, information management, communication, project management, and planning and organizational skills. Higher importance was placed on technical and operational technology skills, information management skills, creativity, ethical awareness, strategic planning, active learning, decision-making, and motivation skills when managing projects with smart technologies. The findings from this study contribute to the knowledge through better understanding of the impact of smart technologies on project management knowledge and skills. This can serve as guidelines for practitioners to remain competent and consistently deliver successful projects with smart technologies.  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers.
Predicting the occurrence of algal blooms is of great importance in managing water quality. Moreover, the demand for predictive models, which are essential tools for understanding the drivers of algal blooms, is increasing with global warming. However, modeling cyanobacteria dynamics is a challenging task. We developed a multivariate Chain-Bernoulli-based prediction model to effectively forecast the monthly sequences of algal blooms considering hydro-environmental predictors (water temperature, total phosphorus, total nitrogen, and water velocity) at a network of stations. The proposed model effectively predicts the risk of harmful algal blooms, according to performance measures based on categorical metrics of a contingency table. More specifically, the model performance assessed by the LOO cross-validation and the skill score for the POD and CSI during the calibration period was over 0.8; FAR and MR were less than 0.15. We also explore the relationship between hydro-environmental predictors and algal blooms (based on cyanobacteria cell count) to understand the dynamics of algal blooms and the relative contribution of each potential predictor. A support vector machine is applied to delineate a plane separating the presence and absence of algal bloom occurrences determined by stochastic simulations using different combinations of predictors. The multivariate Chain-Bernoulli-based prediction model proposed here offers effective, scenario-based, and strategic options and remedies (e.g., controlling the governing environmental predictors) to relieve or reduce increases in cyanobacteria concentration and enable the development of water quality management and planning in river systems. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Land use functions and their interaction analysis has been a hot topic in the field of land change science for better advancing the regional sustainable development. Previous studies focused more on the impacts of land use activities on the natural and semi-natural systems at the regional scale, ignoring the impacts of land-use on the complex social-ecological system and their dynamics at a fine scale. In this study, we applied a LUF classification framework, including agricultural production function (APF), urban-rural living function (ULF) and ecological maintenance function (EMF), to quantify multiple LUFs in Jiangsu Province, an essential part of the Yangtze River Delta region, China, from 2000 to 2020 at the grid scale. We then investigated the dynamics of spatial associations among multiple LUFs and revealed the underlying drivers of these LUFs integrating multisource data and multiple geospatial analysis methods. The results showed that APF-ULF trade-offs increased in northern Jiangsu and decreased in southern Jiangsu from 2000 to 2010; whereas these trade-offs generally increased between 2010 and 2020 across the entire region. APF-EMF trade-offs showed an opposing pattern to APF-ULF during the study period. ULF-EMF trade-offs increased from 2000 to 2020 with strong trade-offs primarily occurring in northern and southwestern Jiangsu. Land cover classes had a substantial impact on all the secondary LUFs. Vegetation cover was correlated with changes in APF and EMF, and distance factors were more important to ULF. Finally, we used the nine secondary LUFs to detect five LUF clusters and proposed distinct LUF management strategies considering the spatial heterogeneity of multiple LUFs in these LUF clusters. We also suggested the mechanisms behind apparent relationships among LUFs are considered into the formulation of land spatial planning and management strategy for facilitating the coordinated development of multiple LUFs. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
This study aims at understanding how observed inconsistencies in the response of biotic indicators to multiple stressors may result from different stressor gradient lengths being represented at different areas or temporal windows, either as the result of intrinsic natural causes or as the result of sampling bias. We simulated a pool of sites showing five types of interactive responses of indicators to two co-occurring virtual stressors, as well as several sampling constraints, resulting in different portions of each stressor's gradient being covered. The sampled gradient length showed a strong influence on the detection of single stressor effects, both in terms of statistical significance and goodness-of-fit. Increasing constraints on gradient coverage also led to an increasingly deficient identification of stressor interactions. The fail in detecting significant interactions largely dominated over switches between interaction types. The simulations indicated that datasets not fully capturing stressor gradients may hinder the ability to unveil underlying multiple stressor effects. As distinct portions of stressor gradients may be present at different contexts and may change over time, our simulations stress the importance of adaptive management strategies based on robust sampling designs to minimize potential statistical artefacts and uncertainties. © 2022
To cope with discontinuous change, recent research advocates to implement ambidexterity in which firms pursue exploitative innovation and exploratory innovation simultaneously. While previous studies on the determinants of organizational ambidexterity focused primarily on the organizational characteristics and the behavior of top management teams, a growing body of research calls attention to the role of the paradoxical cognitive frame of top managers in managing organizational ambidexterity. This article examines whether CEO ambivalence - a paradoxical cognitive frame that accepts and accommodates the presence of both threats and opportunities of a strategic issue such as a crisis - drives or hinders organizational ambidexterity. Moreover, although both exploitation and exploration require the deployment of technological capability, whether technological capability inhibits or facilitates managerial cognition to adapt to environmental change remains a puzzle to be solved. Based on the theory of paradoxical cognitive frame, this article predicts that CEO ambivalence follows a U-shaped effect on organizational ambidexterity while technological capability amplifies the curvilinear effect. A longitudinal survey among 260 CEOs of Chinese firms provides empirical support to the hypotheses. The research findings contain rich theoretical and managerial implications.  © 1988-2012 IEEE.
The paradigm of circular economy and the transfer of its principles to supply chain management has recently received much attention from researchers and practitioners. Limited natural resources, governmental legislation, and social responsibility for environmental preservation are the main factors for the development of circular supply chains. Especially in the automotive industry, critical materials are used to produce electric vehicles, reinforcing the importance of circularity for the industry. As the first stage of the supply chain, suppliers have a considerable influence on creating self-sufficient production systems, and in the automotive sector, a low level of vertical integration is important. Therefore, selecting suppliers is an enabler for circular supply chains, but this decision is a complex process due to multiple, partly conflicting criteria. To contribute to the knowledge in this research area, this study applies a fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory approach for supplier selection in a circular supply chain in a case study of electric vehicles. First, a set of criteria for supplier selection in circular supply chains was identified based on a literature review and was systematically categorized based on the natural resource-based view. Afterward, the criteria were assessed and refined by experts with a strong procurement background in the automotive industry. Second, the experts were interviewed for value collection, and finally, the mutual influence of the criteria was determined. The results show that the most important criteria for circular supplier selection in electric vehicle supply chains are environmental standards, environmental-related certifications, resource consumption, and waste generation. Regarding the natural resource-based view, short-term focused criteria addressing the capability of pollution prevention have a higher importance compared to long-term criteria that drive sustainable development. In addition, this study classifies the criteria into the categories of causes and effects, discusses the prominence of the criteria, and presents a strategic map showing the mutual influences of the criteria. The results contribute to the theoretical and practical discussion on circular supply chains by identifying the key criteria for circular supplier selection and providing decision-making support for procurement managers. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The essential function of a hybrid renewable energy system is to produce an adequate electrical supply to the load demand with low cost. This paper proposes the optimization and operation of the renewable energy power sources for electrification of isolated rural city in Algeria desert. For this purpose, a system composed by PV panel (PV), Wind Turbine (WT), Battery Bank (BB) for storage of the electrical energy and Fuel Cell (FC) with hydrogen tank (H2 Tank) and electrolyzer (Elect) system for storage of the chemical energy is used to fulfill the need of the load. In the present paper we are interested in evolutionary algorithms for solving optimization problem of hybrid configuration of power system. However, a new heuristic algorithm namely whale optimization algorithm (WOA) is used to obtained the best solution of multi-objective optimization system of cost of energy (COE), total net present cost (TNPC) and loss power supply probability (LPSP). Two recent algorithms, particle swarm optimization (PSO) and grey wolf optimizer (GWO) are also implemented in this work. Seven cases studies have been tested for examining the efficient of proposed optimization technique. The suggested whale optimization algorithm, as demonstrated by simulations and comparisons with existing methods, solves the problem of multi-objective optimization of hybrid power system configurations with high accuracy and validity. © The Author(s) 2022.
Supply chain risk mitigation involves investing in strategic activities that minimize the financial impact of disruptions to the flow of goods in a supply chain. However, methods for assessing these strategies are not well established. Given the importance of mitigating supply chain risk, having a quantitative method for evaluating risk mitigation is imperative. This paper constructs a network data envelopment analysis (NDEA) model to assess risk mitigation investments by considering the cost of the strategies, performance outcomes, and interdependencies among the different stages of the supply chain. Risk mitigation strategies in this study were measured at the supplier, manufacturing, and customer segments of a firm's supply chain. Efficiency analysis (comparing NDEA to traditional approaches) shows that NDEA provides a more holistic and useful assessment of supply chain risk mitigation performance. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Using a sample of listed firms from 2011 to 2019 in Chinese A-share markets, this paper examine the consistency of strategic information disclosure and strategic behavior change, and it's impact on firm's future growth and the cost of capital. Using the expected strategic adjustment as a proxy of strategic information disclosure, we find that expected strategic adjustment is positively associated with actual strategic changes, and such positive association is strengthened for the firms with state-owned nature, more redundant resources, defensive strategy, lower economic policy uncertainty and higher value. Furthermore, we find that the consistency of talks and actions is associated with a higher firm growth. If talk more and do less, firms will face a higher cost of capital. In brief, this paper provides an indicator of strategic information disclosure to predict corporate strategic behavior for Chinese listed firms. More importantly, we suggest that the management of firm's talk-do relation is meaningful to firm growth, and the market will negatively respond to the deviation of “talk more but do less”. © 2022
There is growing recognition that agility, the ability to respond quickly, is essential for international business (IB) in times of daunting challenges. Drawing on the resource-based view, we argue that agility is more than a capability and therefore should be investigated from a broader perspective. The current study offers insights for the IB literature by introducing agile resources (mindset and slack) as drivers of marketing strategy effectiveness capability. An agile mindset drives firms to seek out and introduce new management methods and approaches by encouraging their members to be alert to new and innovative ways of doing things. Agile slack refers to unutilized resources that can be quickly deployed in new strategic initiatives. An analysis of survey data from 179 managers via structural equation modeling shows that an agile mindset and agile slack strongly drive marketing strategy effectiveness capability. Marketing strategy effectiveness is a crucial driver of international performance. Nevertheless, the results suggest that while agile resources are important drivers of marketing strategy effectiveness, they do not influence performance directly. Hence, a firm's ability to exploit resources through capabilities is critical, and to be truly agile, firms must invest in agile slack resources. Managers are advised to improve their firm's effectiveness and performance by adopting an agile mindset while relying on agile slack resources. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: Circular supply chain management (CSCM) has the potential to compensate for the drawbacks of the linear supply chain model. Therefore, the objective of this study is to identify and prioritise the significant enablers related to the effective management of the circular supply chain (CSC). Design/methodology/approach: The significant enablers of CSCM are identified through a two-step process of literature review and grey-Delphi approach. Further, an integrated grey-based Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) is applied to prioritise these enablers. Findings: This study proposes a grey-based framework to identify and evaluate the enablers associated with CSCM. A total of 12 significant CSCM enablers are finalised per the proposed framework. The findings suggest that the top three enablers are "long-term planning", "development of CE culture" and "alignment of CE goals with strategic objectives". These enablers require the attention of the top management and supply chain partner on priority. Research limitations/implications: This study identifies 12 enablers through the literature review, so there is a possibility to overlook some significant enablers. However, the expert's input is used to finalise and analyse the enablers, which can be biased towards their working level. Originality/value: This study proposes a grey-based framework to identify and analyse the CSC enablers rarely investigated in the contemporary literature. The paper is strong in methodological contributions and gives practitioners and researchers a better framework for CSCM. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Rapid and deep decarbonisation of electricity systems is critical in many pathways to meet net-zero emissions by 2050. Smart local energy systems (SLES) have been touted as key for both a rapid scale-up of renewable electricity and flexibility for stability in decarbonised electricity systems. A novel agent-based model – incorporating local investor and governance agents, improved temporal resolution, and demand-side flexibility – was used to investigate strategic decision making in the scale-up of SLES. From the perspective of this model, key modelling insights include: SLES investors, initially supported by local governments, can successfully boost the uptake of renewable energy up to 80% of total generation; SLES scale-up significantly erodes the market share and profitability of incumbent utilities, however national level agents are still key for capital-intensive low carbon plants; Demand-side response facilitates balancing electricity supply and demand, but it can result in non-optimal policy agents postponing required incentives for heterogeneous investor agents to build new low carbon plants; National carbon prices (in conjunction with local SLES and technology support mechanisms) are needed to maintain overall system stability. Therefore, understanding the critical role of non-optimal investor decision making is key to fully understand the drivers and implications of a rapid scale-up of SLES. © 2022 The Authors
Renewable energy planning, electrochemical battery storages and advanced energy management strategies are flexible solutions for transformation towards smart grids, whereas the complex battery cycling ageing is nonlinearly dependent on intermittent renewable supply, stochastic load profiles and dynamic charging/discharging behaviors. In this study, a nonlinear mathematical model is developed to explore effective strategies for smart grids. A general regression learner-based battery cycling ageing prediction method is proposed for quantifications of lifetime battery cycling ageing and battery replacement times, including the database preparation, surrogate model training with typical feature extraction and classification, cross-validation, and performance prediction in various battery groups. A machine learning (ML) algorithm selection approach is proposed through the statistical analysis, to guide the accurate surrogate model development, considering the diversity in dynamic charging/discharging behaviours and intrinsic cycling ageing performances of each battery. Afterwards, a novel battery discharging control strategy is proposed, to address the contradiction between the economic cost-saving and the associated battery replacement cost. Last but not the least, the machine learning-based models are thereafter integrated in the district energy community for technical performance analysis. This study can provide a regression learner-based battery cycling ageing modelling method, a machine learning algorithm selection approach, and a holistic framework for systematic integration with avoidance on techno-economic performance overestimation, which is critical to guide renewable energy planning, electrochemical battery storages, and advanced energy management strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This research is devoted to the determinants of green branding in the agro-sphere. The existence of competition between regular and green brands in the agricultural sector has necessitated the determination of the degree of influence of green branding on the formation of consumer loyalty in order to understand the effectiveness and feasibility of such practices among agricultural producers. Previous research in the study of green branding has not focused on the factors studied influencing the level of consumption of organic products or the factors influencing the size of the price premium for green brands. In this study, the influence of green branding on the loyalty of consumers of the eco-market was determined on the basis of a comparison of integrated indicators of satisfaction and importance of the regular brand and green brands by an expert survey of 250 respondents in five supermarkets in Kyiv (Ukraine). In the example comparing the coefficients of consumer loyalty of eggs of the eco-brand and the regular brand, it was found that the rate of consumer loyalty to the eco-brand exceeded the rate of consumer loyalty to the regular brand by 3%. It was established that the size of the price premium of a green brand is determined by such factors as consumer loyalty, availability of organic certificates, costs of green advertising, additional cost of organic products, average profitability of the industry, and average income of consumers. Based on cluster and discriminant analysis, green brands were divided into three levels of price premium: “high”, “medium”, and “low.” Discriminant equations for each cluster according to the level of price premium were constructed. Such equations make it possible to assign a new object of analysis (a new brand) to a certain classificational price category. The current study proves the feasibility and economic and statistical validity of the impact of green branding on consumer loyalty in the agricultural sector. The study has significant implications for brand management by providing empirical evidence that can improve brand managers’ strategic decisions in determining the level of price premium. © 2022, The Author(s).
Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) are important actors in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the 2030 Agenda set by the United Nations General Assembly in 2015. As agents of knowledge, HEIs maintain a critical role in contributing to a socially fair, economically viable, and environmentally protected world. This study aimed to understand how SDGs and the 2030 Agenda are being incorporated into HEIs around the world. We conducted a systematic review of the literature and analyzed experiences developed by the HEIs across different fields of activity (teaching, research, outreach, and management) related to the SDGs. Forty-five articles with empirical cases were selected from the Scopus and Web of Science (WOS) databases, and the International Conference on Sustainable Development (ICSD) website. Focusing on scientific production analysis, we examined the evolution of the number of publications, the countries of origin of publications, the most cited journals and articles, as well as other characteristics related to the experience of implementing SDGs reported by the institution. In addition to these analyses, a set of initiatives developed by the HEIs was systematized that can be understood as good practices for implementing the SDGs. We provide a discussion of the main barriers that hinder the integration of HEIs with sustainable development guidelines. These elements were structured in such a way to best understand the impact on the various organizational levels in universities. The results indicate the need to align strategic planning with all hierarchical levels of an institution in order to best inform higher management's decision-making. © 2022
The reputation of a multinational firm (a “buyer”) is hurt if its offshore supplier flagrantly violates fair labor practices. How should a buyer manage the consequent risk of reduced sales? This paper answers the question by analyzing a dynamic Stackelberg game in which the buyer offers financial incentives to the supplier to treat its work force fairly. This tactical approach to risk management corresponds to a strategic approach in which the buyer first determines its risk posture, and then identifies the most profitable financial incentives that are consistent with that risk posture. The buyer's problem corresponds to optimizing a Markov decision process with a discounted criterion over an infinite horizon. Analytical and numerical analysis of the model shows that the buyer should rely on a contingent bonus as the primary incentive, and set the wholesale price at the supplier's reservation price; the organization of the supply chain affects the mean severity of a flagrant violation of fair labor practices; and the buyer's value function is approximated well by an affine function of reputation. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Inter-public conflict has largely been neglected in PR research. When left to fester, such conflict may perpetuate prejudice, injustice, inequality, and other societal ills. From a PR standpoint, organizations may find it increasingly difficult to operate in the resulting climate of hostility. This piece aims to shift focus from managing direct, organization-public conflict to navigating indirect, inter-public conflict, thus broadening conflict management perspectives. Based on contingency and social identity theories, we test the dual orientation conflict model (DOCM) in the field of government public relations. The model posits two dimensions (embracing/excluding and in-group/out-group) and categorizes four types of conflict orientation (adaptation, in-group adoption, out-group adoption, and avoidance). The proposed four-factor model, comprised of 16 items, was found to be reliable and valid in an online survey of 2498 South Korean citizens across different conflictual problems. Theoretical and strategic implications are discussed. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Megaprojects combine multiple external stakeholders, and a common narrative is essential to drive the project among often conflicting objectives. Narratives help organize people toward an agenda and therefore have performative and strategic implications. In this research, we explore how narratives are mobilized through narrative instruments and processes using the case study of the High Speed Two (HS2) megaproject in the United Kingdom. We record the use of three instruments—stories, labels, and comparisons—that undergo four processes: repeating, endorsing, humorizing, and actioning. These instruments and processes enable megaprojects to mobilize a narrative that helps in managing external stakeholders. © 2022 Project Management Institute, Inc.
It is widely accepted that anthropogenic climate change is driving species redistribution globally, which would potentially lead to a reshuffling of ecological communities worldwide. Here, we used tuned MaxEnt models to forecast range shifts, changes in species richness and species turnover of the giant panda with its 22 sympatric mammalian species under different future climate change scenarios. We found that more than 78% of these mammalian species will experience range contraction under all future scenarios, and importantly, at least three species were predicted to lose more suitable habitat than the giant pandas. We also predicted net losses of mammalian species under future climate change. In particular, the greatest species richness declines mainly occur in Daxiangling and Liangshan mountains, with high species losses and low species gains. Similarly, we found that the strongest species turnovers mainly occur in Qionglai and Liangshan mountains. Our findings highlight that future climate change will pose a major threat to the distribution and diversity of the giant panda with its sympatric mammalian species, challenging the effectiveness of using umbrella species to guide ecosystem conservation and management under climate change. Therefore, a more holistic ecosystem protection strategy, rather than the single-species rescue approach, should be implemented to protect mammal communities in a changing world. © 2022 The Author(s)
Classic theories suggest that common pool resources are subject to overexploitation. Community-based resource management approaches may ameliorate tragedy of the commons effects. Here we use a randomized evaluation in Namibia’s communal rangelands to study a comprehensive four-year program to support community-based rangeland and cattle management. We find that the program led to persistent and large improvements for eight of thirteen indices of social and behavioral outcomes. Effects on rangeland health, cattle productivity and household economics, however, were either negative or nil. Positive impacts on community resource management may have been offset by communities’ inability to control grazing by non-participating herds and inhibited by an unresponsive rangeland sub-system. This juxtaposition, in which measurable improvements in community resource management did not translate into better outcomes for households or rangeland health, demonstrates the fragility of the causal pathway from program implementation to intended socioeconomic and environmental outcomes. It also points to challenges for improving climate change–adaptation strategies. © 2022, The Author(s).
Central Asia is a strategic geopolitical region, which has recently been identified to be on the verge of a water-related crisis. Yet, most studies addressing water-related issues across Central Asia have lacked multi-sectoral and cross-country perspectives. This study used the multi-region input−output model to quantify the water footprint in Central Asia as well as the STIRPAT technique to study its driving forces from 1995 to 2015. The results revealed that the production and consumption-based water footprints of Central Asia sharply increased, as proven by the growth rate of 12.69 × 109 m3/annum and 9.52 × 109 m3/annum, respectively. The water-intensive agriculture sector completely dominated Central Asia's water footprint. In addition, between 1995 and 2015, the volume of imported and exported water footprints in Central Asia increased. In terms of exports, the internal water footprint accounted for 3%–5%, whereas the external accounted for 95%–97%. With respect to imports, the internal water footprint dropped from 50% to 37%. Nevertheless, the gap between export and import volumes was approximately ten-fold, which revealed that international trade exacerbates Central Asia's water crisis. Furthermore, urbanisation was revealed to have significant positive effect on water footprint changes compared to population, gross domestic product (GDP) and water use efficiency in Central Asia. This study provides policy implications for promoting Central Asia's water resource management, as well as highlighting the driving forces of water footprint that need attention, resulting in cooperative water resource management to promote sustainable development. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Despite the focus on collaborative project delivery models (CPDMs) in the construction industry, it remains unclear how it promises bases for delivering better value for money than many traditional models. In view of the importance of knowledge about CPDM delivery, this study aims to explore governance mechanisms that underline the relationship between principal and agent and how this relationship is impacted by the alignment of organisational tools and methods. We argue that there is an interrelationship between agency theory and stewardship theory that provides an important theoretical foundation for CPDMs; additionally, alignment of organisational tools and methods can contribute to overcoming the principal-agent problem in projects if aligned with the functions in CDPMs. An empirical analysis of an exploratory case study supports these assumptions and highlights how CPDM's success can occur through removing and reducing the fundamental principal-agent problem and illustrates the performance and dangers of CPDM tools. Our findings deepen the theoretical understanding of CPDM delivery and provide new insights into the strategic fit in CPDMs alignment in projects. © 2022
This study examines how actors organized collective efforts to initiate the project and navigated their way forward, even though the ultimate outcome was not clearly defined. To address this question, we explore the potential of the philosophical tradition of pragmatism. This approach foregrounds duality, recursiveness and temporality of collective activities and offers a new and compelling way to understand and address the challenges actors face in organizing and managing the front-end. By accounting for both the situatedness of actions in the wider social and relational contexts, and by connecting the flow of present experience to the interpretations of the past and future, pragmatism holds the potential for integrating theory the actuality of lived experience in its continuous unfolding while accounting for actors’ transformative agency. By drawing on a real-time longitudinal study of conception of the program of the Restoration and Renewal (R&R) of the Palace of Westminster, we show how participants face the challenge of understanding and managing complex tensions that continually arise due to a duality of mobilization (between seeking consensus and expanding divergent possibilities) and a duality of transformation (between forming a bold vision of the future and translating abstract goals into concrete actions). To tackle the challenges, participants create strategic accounts that are stable enough to be practically feasible in current circumstances, but also sufficiently adaptable to pursue future possibilities in ways that challenge prevailing approaches. By showing how participants cope with these challenges by creating spaces of experimentation and constructing flexible boundaries this study contributes to the literature on management of project's front-end. © 2022 The Author
Freshwater resources provide ecosystem services that support human prosperity and development. Future changes in climate, land-use, and population could lead to detrimental impacts on freshwater quality and quantity, threatening drinking water, irrigation and energy production. To increase resilience there is the need to better understand the possible impacts of future changes on freshwaters. We use Scotland – and its legislative agenda ‘Scotland: The Hydro Nation’ – to understand the knowledge needs of water stakeholders as a first step in building freshwater resilience. By interviewing water stakeholders across Scotland, we found an overarching ‘knowledge need’ for a greater understanding of the cumulative impacts on freshwaters associated with the interactions between multiple climatic and socio-economic drivers and their associated pressures. Stakeholders also identified five specific ‘knowledge need’ themes; large-scale land-use change, future water demands, water value, integrated development planning and water asset conditions. We identify a willingness of stakeholders to participate in systems-thinking approaches to address these ‘knowledge need’ themes. The ‘knowledge needs’ can be used to inform research priorities to support water-related policy in Scotland. We propose that participatory methods should be applied following the Driver Pressure State Impact Response (DPSIR) framework to address ‘knowledge need themes’ to identify and appraise adaptive management and policy options. Our methods used to identify stakeholder knowledge needs are a time, cost and environmentally effective way for collecting rich data. Methods can be replicated in other regions and water policy contexts to understand where increased knowledge is required to help build future resilience. © 2022 The Authors
The dramatic growth of consumer credit market induces online platforms to adapt their operations in response to credit offering strategy when facing consumer strategic behavior. This study proposes a two-period pricing model for investigating platforms’ offering strategy of consumer credit and responding pricing policy, considering consumer strategic behavior and hassle cost from the credit. Consumers are heterogeneous in their disposable personal income (DPI) and valuations for the product, and are strategic in choosing the purchase timing to optimize their valuations. We find that the platform is willing to offer the credit when both the credit risk and the credit hassle cost are not sufficiently high, and the interest-free credit is sometimes more attractive over non-interest-free credit. In response to credit offering, the first and second period prices decrease as compared to the conventional case with no consumer credit, resulting in the increased first period demand and decreased second period demand. In addition, the platform's credit offering may mitigate consumer waiting behavior because of the direct effect of diminished passive waiting for consumers with low DPIs. Interestingly, credit offering may aggravate consumer strategic waiting. This may lead to an increased profit loss due to strategic consumer. Moreover, the proportion of consumers with high DPIs is critical for the platform in determining the credit offering strategy and pricing decision. Extended analyses uncover that positive spillover and network effects increase the platform's incentive to offer the credit. Surprisingly, credit offering may alleviate consumer strategic waiting when the strength of network effects is strong and hassle cost is low, and the platform's role, acting as a reseller or a marketplace has no qualitative effect on the consumer's strategic behavior. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
This article presents a waste management model for civil construction based on the recycling and reuse of aggregates. Mixed approach research was carried out, using primary and secondary data to elaborate a strategic model based on the recycling and reuse of waste. Recycling alternatives already used in the studied region were used to define the aggregate that would compose the model, judging them through the hybrid method composed by Fuzzy TOPSIS and Shannon Entropy. The model was implemented in a case study in the South of Brazil to demonstrate empirical evidence. The results showed an approximation of public entities with universities, research centers, and private companies contributing to the region's environmental, economic, and social development. In implementing the model, many benefits can be added, such as reduced pollution, a cleaner environment, and income generation through commercializing the aggregate. This study brings practical and theoretical contributions, helping formulate strategic guidelines in the public sphere for the correct destination and reuse of waste and contributing to cities' sustainability. © 2022
This article reviews a study into the relationships between greenspaces and the benefits to psychological, social, and physical aspects of human wellbeing achieved through interaction in the Helsinki urban region in Finland. This relationship is theorized, analyzed, and measured through the transactional paradigm of affordance theory and is operationalized through the use of a public participation geographic information system (PPGIS) questionnaire, SoftGIS, which activated the urban greenspace–human wellbeing interaction through its map-based data collection. Over 1800 unique place–based relationships were statistically analyzed. Findings revealed that Helsinki’s greenspaces provided, overall, mostly physical and social wellbeing benefits; the psychological benefits such as reduction in stress and mental relaxation were not as frequent in these urban greenspace interactions. The results indicate multiple aspects of human wellbeing are supported by interaction with urban greenspaces of varying characteristics within the region but the urban greenspaces which provided the most human wellbeing benefits included large size, woodland typology, moderately maintained with loose or ‘wild’ vegetation, and few amenities such as benches and structures. The study’s implications include urban planning, public policy, and human health as well as insight into the multifunctional design and strategic management of greenspaces in urbanizing regions to provide continued and improved ecosystem services and benefits to humans and nature. Copyright © 2022 leBrasseur.
Contemporary perspectives on customer relationship management and the parent concept of customer management gathered momentum in the mid-1980 s and early 1990s. The advent of digital technologies, especially social media, have prompted a further evolution of the concept. As a result, today's CRM systems must consider new measures, such as customer engagement and advocacy. Consequently, organisations’ social CRM activities and investments have consistently increased in part underpinned by the increased usage of these technologies by consumers. Through a systematic literature review and bibliometric analysis, we identify three main themes in which research in this area has focused on: (1) CRM and impact on performance, (2) social media capabilities and CRM, and (3) CRM processes and strategic use. We also identify future research avenues in the field derived from our analysis of the literature, emphasising the implications for consumer research. © 2022 The Authors
Background: The PODs (potential operational delineations) concept is an adaptive framework for cross-boundary and collaborative land and fire management planning. Use of PODs is increasingly recognized as a best practice, and PODs are seeing growing interest from federal, state, local, tribal, and non-governmental organizations. Early evidence suggests PODs provide utility for planning, communication, coordination, prioritization, incident response strategy development, and fuels mitigation and forest restoration. Recent legislative action codifies the importance of PODs by devoting substantial financial resources to their expansion. The intent of this paper is to explore new horizons that would help land and fire management organizations better address risks and capitalize on opportunities. Specifically, we focus on how PODs are a natural platform for improvement related to two core elements of risk management: how we leverage preparation and foresight to better prepare for the future; and how we learn from the past to better understand and improve performance and its alignment with strategy. Results: We organize our exploration of new horizons around three key areas, suggesting that PODs can enable climate-smart forest and fire management and planning, inform more agile and adaptive allocation of suppression resources, and enable risk-informed performance measurement. These efforts can be synergistic and self-reinforcing, and we argue that expanded application of PODs at local levels could enhance the performance of the broader wildland fire system. We provide rationales for each problem area and offer growth opportunities with attendant explanations and illustrations. Conclusions: With commitment and careful effort, PODs can provide rich opportunities for innovation in both backward-looking evaluative and forward-looking anticipatory frameworks. In addition to continued improvement of core PODs elements, attention must be paid to being more inclusive and participatory in PODs planning, to building sufficient capacity to expand PODs applications in meaningful boundary spanning ways, to ensure their continuity and relevance over time through maintenance and updating, and to deliver necessary information to responders to inform the effective management of wildfires. Lastly, ongoing monitoring and evaluation of PODs and related initiatives is essential to support organizational learning and continual improvement. © 2022, The Author(s).
Strategic management has extensively contributed to the development of business model research. Although marketing concepts (e.g., customers, value creation, delivery, and exchange) form an essential part of any business model description, from an academic standpoint, the strategy literature has been slow to incorporate contributions from the marketing literature on business model research. Drawing on mixed bibliometric techniques combining co-citation analysis (CCA) and bibliographic coupling analysis (BCA), we seek to fill this gap by exploring the origins and trends of business model research in marketing journals (285 articles published in 38 marketing journals). The CCA reveals three theoretical pillars labelled ‘business model rationale in marketing’, ‘business model conceptual origins’, and ‘business model literature developments’ that provide a consistent base for cross-fertilization. The BCA uncovers eight conversations organized into two research streams, namely ‘holistic perspective’ and ‘downstream perspective’. Considering these results, we discuss the partial appropriation of marketing issues by strategists and propose a three-pronged research agenda based on consumer data as a major source of competitive advantage. © 2022 The Authors
The strategic management literature has recognized the role of social and environmental activities in supporting a firm's economic well-being. Although some research has explored the role of social and environmental practices during uncertain periods, studies are still scarce. This paper contributes to this issue by studying corporate social responsibility (CSR) representation during environmental jolts. Through a multi-level analysis, we investigate the conceptualization of CSR in the context of Brexit. From a macro-level perspective, we explore CSR representation in the public discourse by looking at the output of economic journalists. Additionally, based on a micro-level analysis, we examine the CSR disclosure policies of firms and evaluate them in the context of an uncertain environment. Based on a sample of more than 1500 press release data from major UK-based business publications and more than 1000 shareholder letters from companies listed on three major European indices, the DAX 30, CAC 40, and FTSE 100, the text analysis techniques of topic modeling and ‘bags of words' are used. The findings show that an unprecedented exogenous shock such as Brexit increases CSR representation in the public discourse and corporate communication strategies, suggesting the greater importance of CSR disclosure during uncertain periods. In addition evidence is shown that organizations target and adapt shareholder communication on CSR in accordance with market uncertainty. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The gender diversity of top management teams (TMTs) is slowly increasing. Research shows that top executives influence firms through their role in strategic decision-making but that executives are not equally engaged in it. The purpose of this paper is to understand whether gender affects the likelihood of inclusion in strategic decision-making. Design/methodology/approach: Drawing on surveys completed by chief executive officers (CEOs) and using expectation states and gender roles theories, the author examines the relationship between gender and inclusion in strategic decision-making for 266 top executives of global public firms. Findings: After controlling for a myriad of factors, results indicate that female executives are less likely than male executives to be included in strategic decision-making. Firm tenure moderates this effect such that it leads to a greater likelihood of inclusion for female executives but not male executives. Originality/value: This study provides a unique consideration of strategic decision-making in TMTs. The findings suggest that diversity and inclusion do not always go hand in hand and that female executives may need to prove themselves more than male executives to be given an equal voice in the strategic direction of the firm. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
When performed without technical criteria, the rapid expansion of irrigated agricultural frontiers can result in overexploitation of water, causing worrying impacts on the balance of agroecosystems. This study proposes a model applied to the state of Bahia, to estimate the water demand of areas irrigated by a central pivot, in order to contribute to information that will subsidize the inspection and planning of water resources in the promotion of sustainable agriculture. The irrigated areas were identified and measured by photointerpretation using orbital images from the Landsat-8 satellite. With a historical series of data, the reference evapotranspiration was calculated and monthly water balance was elaborated. The data obtained were spatialized by kriging, and with punctual values of water deficit (mm), the water demand of the irrigated perimeter of the equipment was estimated. The results were described considering strategic planning units, proposed from municipalities, hydrographic basins and biomes. A total of 4075 pivots were quantified, covering an irrigated area of 265,896.30 ha and with an average annual consumption of 1,333,473,208.02 m3 of water. Areas of high demand were identified, especially in the western region of Bahia, which includes the hydrographic basin of the São Francisco River and the Cerrado biome, concentrating 80.85% and 75.47% of the state water demand for pivots, respectively. Considering possible points of water vulnerability and continuity of this expansion, the results provide the primary information needed to encourage the adoption of public policies aimed at the management of water resources. The study method proposes guidelines that condition the application in any region of interest in the world. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
This paper develops a novel strategic decision support framework for the design of an order picking system, which can be used whenever different systems and/or control mechanisms need to be compared for a given customer order structure. Warehousing companies frequently struggle in selecting the most suitable design for their order picking system. Traditionally, a comparison of different order picking systems is based on time-consuming simulation runs. In addition, the only source of consultancy is most often carried out by the order picking system manufacturers themselves. Our framework, using recent advancements in deep neural networks, provides an efficient methodology for selecting not only the best order picking system for a given order structure but also the most suited design parameters. This enables warehouse companies to compare objectively an extensive number of systems and allows them to identify the most promising order picking systems. We demonstrate our framework for a comprehensive comparison of three different fixed-path order picking systems to find one best suited for a provided order structure. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The Italian rice agroecosystem plays a key role in the European production and provides a unique range of rice varieties. As productive man-made wetlands, rice paddies are strategic and economic components in the habitat provision for migratory wildlife at the European scale. However, the characteristic of being a “temporary wetland” causes the creation of an ecological trap for a number of living organisms. For this reason, agricultural practices adopted for the management of rice paddies are essential to move towards more sustainable cultivations capable of promoting biodiversity and to minimising negative environmental impacts. This study proposes an ecologically-oriented strategy to implement a circular and self-regulating farming system designed considering the role of constructed wetlands in providing ecosystem services in rice agroecosystems. It demonstrates the economic feasibility and benefits provided by a self-regulating biosystem based on an integrated wetland for a small-size rice farm of the Vercelli province (Piedmont Region, Italy). The study was conducted in collaboration with the rice farm, which already experiments with organic farming techniques. The investigation focuses on the current management structure of the farm and develops an ecologically-oriented business strategy to sustain local biodiversity. This strategy rediscovers and improves the traditional co-culture technique through the development of a permanent pond. It explores the potential benefits generated by the approach, in terms of biodiversity conservation, biological control of pests and weeds and habitat provision for wildlife. The study presents a real case study of economic sustainability of the business strategy through financial analysis. The findings highlight promising economic outcomes compared to the conventional rice cultivation systems. The diversification of marketing strategy and the reduction of operating costs are key factors in the success of the strategy. The ecologically-oriented design methodology presented in this article can easily be applied to other small-scale farms in the agrifood sector. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The present study attempts to evaluate the challenges of sports businesses in the COVID-19 pandemic crisis and introduce their resilience solutions. This research was qualitative, with the Delphi method used to conduct it. In the first phase, 9 challenges and 88 business resilience strategies were extracted in the form of a questionnaire. In the second phase, these challenges and strategies were provided to the Delphi panel consisting of 18 professors of sports management and sports business managers, who were selected in a purposeful manner through snowball sampling method. Finally, 11 challenges in the two categories of supply side challenges and demand side challenges were identified. In addition, 94 sports business resilience strategies for COVID and post-COVID eras were identified in four categories, namely marketing mix management, process management, organizational resource management, and strategic action management. These operational strategies can save sports businesses from the risk of bankruptcy and exclusion from the sports ecosystem and strengthen these firms for future crises by increasing their resilience. © 2021 University of Tehran, College of Farabi. All Rights Reserved.
Spatiotemporal dynamic information on surface water area and level is a prerequisite for effective wetland conservation and management. However, such information is either unavailable or difficult to obtain. In this study, for the first time, we leverage Landsat imagery, ICESat-2 and airborne LiDAR data to develop time series of water body dynamics over the last 35 years (1987–2021) using machine learning method on a cloud computing platform for lakes identified as international importance in the Western District Lakes Ramsar site in Victoria, Australia. Our results reveal distinct seasonal (dry and wet) variation patterns and long-term changes in trends of lake water areas and levels in response to seasonal rainfall variations and regional climate changes for the periods of before, during and after the Millennium Drought when southeast Australia experienced unprecedented dry conditions. Lake water bodies have not recovered to the status of pre-Millennium Drought, and many permanent Ramsar-listed lakes in the region have become to ephemeral lakes due to climate change. The outcome of this study provides a baseline to help understand the historical and ongoing status of the Ramsar-listed lakes in a warming and drying climate in support of the development of strategic plan to implement international obligations for wetlands protection under the Ramsar Convention. © 2022
In 2015, the United Nations established 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to be reached by 2030. They are aimed at all members of society, including businesses, which could integrate SDGs within their Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) strategies. As family firms constitute the most widespread form of business, understanding the factors that drive the decisions to pursue SDGs is essential. Thus, this research aims to understand why a family firm complies with SDGs. Additionally, it examines how SDGs enter, at the strategic level, activities and management practices. Following the case study method, the paper focuses on a family firm based in Italy, by means of documentary analysis, semi-structured interviews, and online data. In line with the Socioemotional Wealth (SEW) theory, family and personal values are crucial. While SDGs are only now entering the strategic level, their rationale has always been part of the family values, and the firm's culture. The selected firm is pursuing ten Goals. SDGs serve as a further motivator for family firms to behave more responsibly, meaning that they help to align the firm's strategy with the global challenges, building on existing family and firm's values. Our paper brings several contributions to the family business, CSR and SDGs literature, providing a representation of the reasons why a family firm pursues SDGs and the first reaction phases to SDGs. It brings practical implications for policymakers, highlighting the role of family values as the main drivers of the choice to invest in SDGs. By providing unique evidence, it is the first to connect the family business literature, CSR and SDGs. © 2022
Global transactive energy has become more complex due to the extension of its efficiency. Thus, multi-residential demand responses pose a new challenge in the critical infrastructure of power transition networks in energy planning and management. By encompassing optimal scheduling with strategic energy decentralization, a reliable distribution network can suggest a resolution that contributes to optimize energy efficiency. This research proposed a holistic bidirectional distribution network with optimal scheduling-based demand-side management (DSM) for superior power sharing and beneficial performance. A DSM was developed to maintain equal power sharing between various mix-energy sources, providing a sub-level residential demand response program. Among several scenarios considered, the DSM-based scheduling distribution network resulted in optimum and equivalent sharing of power loads for residential demands. Moreover, the application of self-production-based renewable energy source (RES) is a novel strategy to improve imbalanced power sharing. The energy deficit and surplus can be solved by establishing a conservation strategy with self-installation-based photovoltaic panels by end-users. CO2 emissions were also estimated to elucidate the effect of the energy distribution network on the environment according to different category of energy sources. Considering satisfaction analysis based on appliance energy consumption, the energy distribution network was efficient in improving the end-user expenditure, sustaining a clean energy loading profile, and maximizing the benefit of cost. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The interaction relationship of ecosystem services (ESs) is among the most critical objective in natural resource management. However, a complexity of the spatial heterogeneity of delivering multiple ESs from social-ecological system was seldomly considered. To enhance the linkage between the spatial concordance and interaction relationship of ESs, we presented a multi-criteria framework for identifying the trade-offs and synergies relationship of ESs. The conceptual steps were to i) divide the ES groups based on different ES bundles, ii) select appropriate methods for each ES bundle based on the number of dominant ESs and iii) determine the trade-offs and synergies relationship of pair-wise ESs among ES bundles. The framework was tested in the Guangdong- Hong Kong- Macao Greater Bay Area (GBA) in the period of 2000 to 2015, which can be implemented by using InVEST model, K-means clustering algorithm and correlation analysis method. The results show that 4 different ES bundles had been identified, which exhibits the spatial distribution of Bundle 1 to Bundle 4 had an extensive trend from central regions to fringe regions in the GBA. Partial correlation analysis and spearman correlation analysis were selected to quantify the trade-off and synergies relationship of ESs for each ES bundle. Meanwhile, the trade-offs and synergies relationship of ESs among each bundle was compared with the total areas of GBA, which exhibits a proportion of conspicuous differences. It indicated the framework could distinguish the spatiotemporal heterogeneity on the trade-offs and synergies relationship of ESs. A favorable application on the GBA underscored the interrelationship of multiple ESs should consider a spatiotemporal variation of the stability and ability to deliver multiple ESs from a social-ecological system. The framework for understanding the interaction relationship presented here offers a feasible workflow to evaluate trade-off strategies and policies of ecosystem management. © 2022 The Author(s)
Globally, the energy demand of the building sector has increased intensely. The use of air conditioning in buildings for thermal comfort consumes a large percentage of this energy. The significant worldwide energy demand stresses the importance of net-zero or green buildings for a sustainable future. The present work investigates the air-conditioning cost-saving potential of the duplex house designed with various phase change materials (PCMs) incorporated burnt clay bricks. Five PCMs were selected, including three organic mixture PCMs (OM18, OM21, and OM29) and two form-stable PCMs (combination of organic and inorganic mixture). Besides, six different PCM arrangements in bricks (i.e. PCM layer on the outer side, on the middle layer, on the inner side, on the outer side and middle, on the middle and inner side, and on the outer side and inner side) are studied. The thermo-physical properties and latent heat of various PCMs (liquid and solid phases) were measured experimentally. The results showed that the duplex house with outer side PCM layer brick with OM29 PCM provides the best annual energy cost saving ($2079 in hot-arid climates and $2095 in composite climates), the highest carbon emission mitigations (87.80 ton-CO2/year in hot-arid climates and 88.42 ton-CO2/year in composite climates), and reasonable payback period (11.29 years in hot-arid climates and 11.21 years in composite climates). © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Background: Engaging residents in meaningful quality improvement (QI) is difficult. Challenges include competing demands, didactics which lack connection to meaningful work, suboptimal experiential learning, unclear accountability, absence of timely and relevant data, and lack of faculty coaches and role models. Various strategies to address these challenges for engagement have been described, but not as a unified approach. This paper describes a bundle of practical strategies to address common challenges to resident engagement in QI, illustrated through the experience of one residency education program. Methods: 62 categorical residents in the University of Missouri Internal Medicine residency participated in a longitudinal QI curriculum integrated into residency clinic assignments with dedicated QI work sessions and brief just-in-time didactics with mentorship from faculty coaches. Residents completed at least two PDSA (Plan-Do-Study-Act) cycles for their projects. The experience included clear expectations and tools for accountability. Project criteria included importance to patients, residents, and the institution. Residents had access to data related to their own practice. A pre-post survey asked residents to self-assess their level of interest and engagement in QI on a 5-point Likert scale, with 1 = least desired and 5 = most desired result. Data were analyzed by paired t-test. Results: All 62 residents participated in the program as members of ten QI teams. 40/62 residents completed both pre- and post-surveys. Items related to self-assessment of QI in clinical work all changed in the desired direction: likelihood of participation (3.7 to 4.1, p = 0.03), frequency of QI use (3.3 to 3.9, p = 0.001), and opinion about using QI in clinical work (3.9 to 4.0, p = 0.21). Resident assessment of QI priority in clinical work did not change. Conclusions: We implemented a practical strategies bundle to overcome common challenges to successfully engaging residents in clinical quality improvement. These strategies included QI work integrated into routine clinical assignments, just-in-time didactics, experiential learning with clear expectations and strategic project selection, timely and pertinent data from the residents’ own practice, and real-time faculty coaching. © 2022, The Author(s).
Managed aquifer recharge (MAR) offers a promising strategic management alternative for water storage and subsequent recovery to alleviate water shortage and to protect coastal aquifers from saltwater intrusion. Selecting potentially suitable recharge sites remains challenging, particularly in heterogeneous karst systems. In this study, MAR site suitability in a karst coastal aquifer is examined using a new geospatial approach that accounts for aquifer rechargeability properties, water availability, and economic-environmental attractiveness. For this purpose, multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA), supported by pairwise comparisons, with an intrinsic karst aquifer rechargeability index is coupled with a raster-based hydrologic model that was forced by remotely-sensed precipitation, temperature, and land use data. The approach was successfully used to define exclusionary zones and to identify sites with high MAR potential that were independently collocated with hydrogeological indicators ascertaining its potential for site suitability mapping in systems with prevailing karstic aquifers. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Within a research context dominated by an increasing interest in innovative learning methodologies in management education, an individual's capacity to establish links between existing and new knowledge, that is, absorptive capacity (AC), has been surprisingly neglected in management (higher) education inquiry. This study helps to close this gap by investigating the role of management students' AC on their academic performance. The study also examines the moderating effect on this relationship of using traditional learning methodologies (such as lectures), innovative learning methodologies (such as interacting with digital platforms), and having a cooperative climate in the classroom. Secondary and primary data are combined from samples of students enrolled in a strategic management course. Results show that students with higher AC achieve higher levels of academic performance. This relationship is moderated by the intensive use of traditional learning methodologies and by cooperative climates. Students who have higher AC benefit more from traditional learning methodologies and from a classroom with a cooperative climate than those with lower AC. Results will be useful to management education instructors, higher education administrators, and policymakers, when revising current educational programmes. © 2022 The Authors
Increasing human population, deforestation and man-made climate change are likely to exacerbate the negative effects on freshwater ecosystems and species endangerment. Consequently, the biodiversity of freshwater continues to dwindle at an alarming rate. However, this particular topic lacks sufficient attention from conservation ecologists and policymakers, resulting in a dearth of data and comprehensive reviews on freshwater biodiversity, specifically. Despite the widespread awareness of risks to freshwater biodiversity, organized action to reverse this decline has been lacking. This study reviews prospective conservation and management strategies for freshwater biodiversity and their associated challenges, identifying current key threats to freshwater biodiversity. Engineered nanomaterials pose a significant threat to aquatic species, and will make controlling health risks to freshwater biodiversity increasingly challenging in the future. When fish are exposed to nanoparticles, the surface area of their respiratory and ion transport systems can decline to 60% of their total surface area, posing serious health risks. Also, about 50% of freshwater fish species are threatened by climate change, globally. Freshwater biodiversity that is heavily reliant on calcium perishes when the calcium content of their environments degrades, posing another severe threat to world biodiversity. To improve biodiversity, variables such as species diversity, population and water quality, and habitat are essential components that must be monitored continuously. Existing research on freshwater biota and ecosystems is still lacking. Therefore, data collection and the establishment of specialized policies for the conservation of freshwater biodiversity should be prioritized. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Background: The aim of this study is to assess the current status of non-communicable disease (NCD) risk factors amongst adolescents in Bangladesh. We also critically reviewed the existing policy responses to NCD risk among adolescents in Bangladesh. Methods: This study used a mixed method approach. To quantify the NCD risk burden, we used data from the Global School-based Student Health Survey conducted in Bangladesh. To understand policy response, we reviewed NCD-related policy documents introduced by the Government of Bangladesh between 1971 and 2018 using the WHO recommended NCD Action Plan 2013–2020as study framework. Information from the policy documents was extracted using a matrix, mapping each document against the six objectives of the WHO 2013–2020 Action Plan. Results: Almost all adolescents in Bangladesh had at least one NCD risk factor, and there was a high prevalence of concurrent multiple NCD risk factors; 14% had one NCD risk factor while 22% had two, 29% had three, 34% had four or more NCD risk factors. Out of 38 policy documents, eight (21.1%) were related to research and/or surveys, eight (21.1%) were on established policies, and eleven (29%) were on legislation acts. Three policy documents (7.9%) were related to NCD guidelines and eight (21.1%) were strategic planning which were introduced by the government and non-government agencies/institutes in Bangladesh. Conclusions: The findings emphasize the needs for strengthening NCD risk factors surveillance and introducing appropriate intervention strategies targeted to adolescents. Despite the Government of Bangladesh introducing several NCD-related policies and programs, the government also needs more focus on clear planning, implementation and monitoring and evaluation approaches to preventing NCD risk factors among the adolescents in Bangladesh. © 2022, The Author(s).
Purpose: This paper aims to identify both the traditional and novel forms of marketing behind New Zealand Prime Minster Jacinda Ardern’s landslide victory in the 2020 New Zealand General Election during the COVID-19 pandemic. Design/methodology/approach: This research analysed both qualitative and quantitative data, including over 70 primary sources, the perspectives of practitioners, polling and data from surveys with over 450,000 respondents. The qualitative data was analysed interpretively against established theoretical concepts, whereas the quantitative data was analysed through descriptive statistics. Findings: This research found that COVID-19 drastically changed what the public prioritised, allowing Ardern and Labour to position themselves as guardians of government stability, while camouflaging previous delivery failures. Labour also used a more emergent market-oriented and “polite” populist political marketing strategy. Research limitations/implications: While the survey data used is not a perfect sample of the population, it is the largest public opinion survey in New Zealand and, given its convergence with other sources, provides valuable insights into political marketing during a crisis more broadly. Practical implications: This research reinforces marketing’s most important aspect; the market should drive action. How decision makers respond to the market should depend on the environment. Thus, up-to-date market research becomes even more important during a crisis, as the environment changes rapidly. This leaves prior assumptions obsolete and implies strategy needs to be adaptive. Additionally, greater public attention provides governing leaders with the opportunity to present a more well-rounded leadership image. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first research to look at marketing while in government and election campaigning in the context of successful management of a global pandemic. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Energy efficiency is closely related to energy supply and demand, economic development, and environmental pollution, but the key to achieving energy and environmental efficiency remains the energy strategy. However, the method by which economic development and environmental protection are balanced is also important. The resampling data envelopment analysis approach is rarely used because it affects desirable and undesirable output. The current study uses the approach of resampling super-slacks-based measurement data envelopment analysis, and then, regression analysis and principal component analysis are used in combination to evaluate global energy and environmental efficiency. Our findings show that gross domestic product and CO2 emissions have a high slope value with other variables and share a significant relationship, and they also confirm that energy use is indeed closely related to economic development and environmental pollution. The results show that the input and output variables are highly correlated and in line with statistical norms. The energy and environmental efficiency of the Americas and the Middle East are better than those of Europe, Africa, and Asia, indicating that regional influences exist. Some countries must reduce energy consumption, exhibit innovation management of energy production technology, implement green energy strategies, and reduce CO2 emissions in order to gain the opportunity to improve their efficiency. © 2021 The Author(s)
In the management literature, the role of learning from experience and its effect on performance has been highlighted. However, little is known about the effects of strategic change on performance due to aspects pertaining to the mobility of learning. Building on different learning theories, we theorize about the effect of strategic change on performance when: (i) strategic change does not require the mobilizing of resources; (ii) strategic change does not involve exposure to a new set of stakeholders; and (iii) time commitment to previous strategies is low. We confront our contentions with data on serial campaign launchers in crowdfunding. The data indicates that changing industry adversely affects fundraising performance due to the specificity of a portion of the accrued learning. This adverse effect is mitigated by venture launching experience and exacerbated following failure. Implications for practitioners and scholars are discussed. © 2021 British Academy of Management and Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Adapting enterprises to a rapidly changing world pursuing the goal of sustainable development is accomplished through a strategic approach to corporate social responsibility (CSR). Due to its holistic nature, this concept can permeate business activities at every level of the supply chain, allowing for the perception of the company's opportunities in various areas. This article presents an assessment of CSR indicators that impact the competitive advantage (CA) of companies in the energy sector. The analysis was based on data collected from 392 surveys conducted with management representatives of the power sector in Poland. The scientific resources and standardisation documents on the intersection of CA and CSR were analysed. This enabled the selection of key indicators within three CSR areas: social, economic, and environmental. This case study provides meaningful insights into the most important aspects of CSR implementation. The findings indicate that the social dimension of CSR has the largest impact on CA, particularly offering products and services of the highest quality, which was considered the most crucial indicator among those analysed. Among the remaining social groups, the education of participants throughout the supply chain and relationships with suppliers were also important. The environmental aspect, in particular energy security, also has a significant effect on the CA of energy companies. Furthermore, economic indicators had the most negligible impact on CA. The resulting hierarchy of selected indicators is a guide to achieving CA and understanding how the energy sector perceives CSR. © 2022 The Author(s)
China is promoting green economic development and the transformation of polluting enterprises to environment-friendly. As an important polluting industry, energy companies are imminent to improve their corporate environmental responsibility performance(CERP). However, corporate strategic decisions are made by the senior management team and market environment such as the digital economy also play a crucial role. In order to study the relationship between management's characteristics and CERP and the role of the digital economy, this paper selects 2010–2019 listed companies in the traditional energy industry in A-shares as the research object, and conducts an empirical analysis on the characteristics of their managers and the CERP. The results show that during the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan period, in the stage of rapid development of the digital economy, CERP is significantly improved, the gender diversity and educational background of managers have a significant positive impact on the CERP, and the age is negatively related to the CERP. From this point of view, it is suggested that companies should promote young management, increase the proportion of female management, and give priority to those with higher education. © 2022 The Authors
Extreme weather events are becoming more frequent, more intense and, to a certain extent, more predictable, according to global climate research. Over time, the effects of climate change could alter dramatically the environment upon which communities, societies and economic activity depend. Meanwhile, a correlating impact on firms, sectors and geographies could render traditional business models ineffective or obsolete. Rapid developments in environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, and rising stakeholder demand for improved sustainability performance, will require banks to take a more integrated and strategic approach to climate risk management. This paper explores the practicalities of integrating climate-related risks into existing risk management frameworks, strategies and processes. It examines the key components and attributes of an effective climate-risk framework. And it elaborates on some of the unique characteristics and business model adaptations that are needed to incorporate climate-change considerations into decision-making processes, including capital allocation, loan approval, portfolio monitoring and reporting. In this way, business models can become more economically efficient and strategically resilient to climate risk and equipped to deliver long-term sustainability and value creation. © Henry Stewart Publications 1752-8887 (2022).
Earlier research has not explicitly emphasised the dynamic integration of entrepreneurship imperatives and transformation in developing the entrepreneurial university. The purpose of this research is to examine the linkage between the strategic intents articulated by universities and their corresponding level of entrepreneurship transformation. This article develops a theoretical framework to examine transformational imperatives, applying a data analytical approach to assess strategic documents using automated content analysis and complex algorithms. Australian universities were chosen for the research given the specific context of the higher education sector and the availability of strategic documents on the institutions’ websites. In the research context, the findings show that, while there are some variances with specific institutions, Australian universities in general, and several groups of universities in particular, expressed different levels of determination, ranging from moderate to moderately strong, to transform themselves into being entrepreneurial. Universities’ management can benefit from the theoretical framework developed in this research to craft strategies to further adopt entrepreneurship imperatives. Implications are also provided to inform universities, industry and government with regard to enhancing the dynamics of entrepreneurship ecosystems. © The Author(s) 2021.
This article develops a unique model of organizational resilience architecture with an emphasis on the ways in which organizations respond to cyberattacks. The model elucidates the dynamics and approaches through which organizations mobilize and utilize expertise and resources to combat the effects of cyberattacks on normal business operations. Drawing on recent cases of cyberattacks against organizations, the article identifies a host of strategic and tactical responses victims used to aid recovery and return to daily activities. The responses are grouped into three stages to demonstrate the steps that organizations can take to enhance their resilience: Stage 1 focuses on proactive environmental scanning and locating potential threats and attacks, Stage 2 emphasizes neutralizing threats and attacks, and Stage 3 focuses on redesigning, upgrading, and updating human, technological, and financial resources. On this basis, the article sheds light on levels of organizational resilience and strategies for organizational design in withstanding cyberattacks and security breaches. The theoretical and practical implications of these findings are discussed.  © 1988-2012 IEEE.
Benefit management is a valuable approach, promoted and supported by strategic management for maximizing organizational benefits. It has also been recognized as a means of improving project performance, though more research is needed to understand how it works. This research adds to the contemporary literature on public sector project management by studying the links between project governance, benefit management, and project performance from a developing country perspective. This study provides insights for project professionals who are working in government organizations for optimizing the benefits of investment. The study provides a reference to formulate strategies for managing and governing the performance of government-funded projects in developing countries like Pakistan. The research uses a positivist approach and quantitative design. The quantitative technique is employed to address all the aspects of the study. The structural equation modeling revealed that benefit management acted as a mediating factor in the relationship between project governance dimensions and public sector project performance. This study highlights the importance of incorporating a comprehensive benefit management approach to streamline the benefit management process by aligning projects with the organizational strategy for sustaining project performance. These findings stress the need for a comprehensive benefit management approach in improving the project performance of government-sponsored projects. The study attempts to improve the understanding of project professionals about the role and significance of benefit management, which will be helpful to get organizational support for the employees who are striving to improve the project performance in Pakistan. © 2022 by the author(s).
Exploring win-win approaches to ecological conservation and community development goals is a central issue in the management of PAs. Achieving sustainable management of ESs in PAs is more of a social governance issue, requiring the SES managers to understand the diverse tradeoffs among ESs and well-beings and design management plans with supportive governance processes and institutions. To solve this issue, ESs importance was chosen as the entry point, which is good at “understanding” but weak in “designing” in most cases. We proposed a “KESs-based PAs management plans formulating framework,” which is born out of the ESs importance analysis and knowledge for win-win management in PAs. Through the six steps and two tools (“Identification Methodology for PAs KESs” and the “Standard Strategies for PAs KESs Management”) embedded in the framework, the win-win management plan for dual goals could be formulated. By applying the framework in the Shennongjia National Park in China, we obtained three directions for adjusting strategies and eight directions for adjusting measures for the National Park Services to formulate management plans. The framework promotes the sustainable management of ESs in PAs by making up for the gap in applying ESs importance in designing feasible, specific, and systematic management plans with policies and institutions. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In the emerging literature on artificial intelligence (AI) and other disruptive technologies, the importance of technological assimilation has been recognized for high operational and strategic organizational benefits and economic growth. AI is considered as the next productivity frontier for its high capability to transform almost all aspects of intra-and-inter-organizational operations across the industry. Yet, the literature lacks empirical studies on how AI assimilation could lead to improved organizational outcomes such as organizational agility, customer agility and firm performance. This study is an initial attempt to fill this research gap. It draws on the dynamic capability view and the available studies on AI to investigate the impacts of AI assimilation (AIASS) on firm performance (FPERF). Then, it assesses the mediating effects of organizational agility (ORGAG) and customer agility (CUSTAG) on the relationship between the AIASS and FPERF. This study uses an online survey-based approach to collect data from 205 supply chain executives in the USA to test the proposed research model. The findings confirm that AIASS is an important predictor of FPERF, CUSTAG, and ORGAG, with stronger effects on ORGAG. Moreover, ORGAG is an important predictor of CUSTAG and FPERF, with stronger effects on CUSTAG. Furthermore, CUSTAG and ORGAG were found to be complementary partial mediators of the relationship between AIASS and FPERF. These results are discussed, with implications for research and practice. Some limitations to the study are presented, which opens up future research perspectives. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
An early contamination warning system with deployed water quality sensors is often used to enhance the safety of a water distribution system (WDS). While algorithms have been developed to select an optimal water quality sensor placement strategy (WQSPS) for WDSs, many of them do not account for the influences caused by future uncertainties, such as sensor failures and system changes (e.g., demand variations and configuration/expansion changes in the WDS). To this end, this paper proposes a comprehensive framework to evaluate the robustness of WQSPSs to these possible uncertainties. This is achieved by considering five different performance objectives of WQSPSs as well as possible future demand and typology variations of WDSs under a wide range of sensor failure scenarios. More specifically, an optimization problem is formulated to evaluate the robustness of the WQSPSs, in which an evolutionary-based optimization approach coupled with an efficient data-archive method is used to solve this optimization problem. The framework is demonstrated on two real-world WDSs in China. The results show that: (1) the WQSPS's robustness can be highly dependent on the performance objectives considered, implying that an appropriate objective needs to be carefully selected for each case driven by practical needs, (2) the WDS's demand and configuration changes can have a significant influence on the WQSPS's robustness, in which the solution with more sensors in or close to the affected area is likely to better cope with these system changes, and (3) the proposed framework enables critical sensors to be identified, which can then be targeted for prioritizing maintenance actions. © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers.
This paper considered the disaster risk-related data from the primary databases used for official progress reporting on the Sendai Framework Monitor (SFM), and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development - United Nations Statistics Division database. We conducted a comparative study to analyse the available data and track progress on Target E: Indicator E1. Findings show that the SFM had less than 50% of SADC countries reporting on Target E, indicating little progress towards reporting the region's adoption and implementation of national DRR strategies. There are concerning inconsistencies and gaps that limit the applicability of risk data in development decisions. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: Board faultlines, which reflect intrinsic divisions of board members into relatively homogeneous subgroups, are associated with poor firm performance. This paper aims to extend the existing board faultline research by examining how acquisition deal size moderates the negative implications of board faultlines. Design/methodology/approach: This paper uses a sample of acquisitions and a quantitative research approach to conduct statistical analysis. Findings: Using a sample of acquisitions announced between 2007 and 2016, this paper finds evidence suggesting that strong faultlines are associated with poorer acquisition outcomes in the long-term, but not in the short term. Further, this paper finds that the effect of faultline strength on long-term acquisition outcomes is weaker for larger acquisition deals than smaller acquisition deals. The findings are consistent with deal size moderating the relation between faultlines and acquisition outcomes. Research limitations/implications: This paper addresses possible endogeneity through firm fixed effects and instrumental variable analysis. Although this paper provides evidence on the moderating role of deal size in the context of faultlines, future research could examine the role of additional moderators, such as pro-diversity, trust, board leadership and board and task characteristics. Practical implications: The findings suggest that boards need to be aware of situations where the negative effects of faultlines are more likely to come to the fore. For example, faultlines are more likely to play a role in more routine, obscure monitoring than for high-profile strategic decisions. Originality/value: The study is multidisciplinary as it draws on the management, organizational behaviour and psychology and finance literature. It contributes to the developing literature on faultlines in several important ways. First, this paper supports their view that faultlines have adverse effects on board performance by showing that faultlines negatively impact discrete strategic investment decisions. Second, this paper provides evidence that deals size moderates the faultline-acquisition performance relation, indicating that the role of faultlines is contextual. Third, this paper finds evidence that suggests investors do not factor in board faultlines when responding to acquisition announcements. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Under the strategic framework of global carbon emission reduction, it is urgent to reduce the energy consumption of centrifugal pumps. Monitoring pump's operational states can effectively help people to understand system's behavior, and achieve the optimal energy management on pump equipment. In view of installation space, cost, reliability and other factors, it is necessary to find an alternative to the traditional sensor monitoring scheme. Therefore, it is significant to develop a prediction method for the operational state of centrifugal pump using sensorless technology. In this paper, a neural network estimation model based on Bayesian regularization back propagation (BRBP) algorithm is proposed. Compared with the traditional QP estimation model, the new model has better nonlinearity and higher precision. Using power and rotational frequency as input neurons, BRBP model realizes the output of flow rate and head through neuronal calculations. By comparing the predicted flow rate and head values of a multistage centrifugal pump with the measured values at different rotational frequencies, it is found that the mean relative error of flow rate of BRBP model is in the range of 1% to 4%, and the mean relative error of head is in the range of 1% to 2%. The prediction accuracy of BRBP neural network model is obviously higher than that of QP model, which meets the requirements of industrial application. © 2022 The Author(s)
The continuous use of fertilizers can increase the radionuclides levels in soils, and their accumulation and concentration are related to their characteristics and the various processes of use and soil occupation. Analyzing data from radiometric and pedological measurements often demands the use of more robust tools for better integration of results. This work presents the results of a study to evaluate the accumulation of 40K, in an area of the Zona da Mata region in Pernambuco, Northeastern Brazil, due to the contribution of natural or artificial sources. 40K activity concentration was measured by high resolution gamma spectrometry in 108 soil samples, as well the organic matter content and particle size distribution. Results showed the 40K activity ranged from 103 to 1843 Bq.Kg−1, with the arable soils showing levels above the world average value (420 Bq.Kg−1). A higher prevalence of 40K was observed on arable soils, regardless of soil type, organic matter content, depth or texture. Agricultural activities increased of 40K levels in different degrees, depending on the type of crop used, with an accumulation factor of up to 4 times greater compared to soils not impacted by agricultural activities. The radiochemometric diagnosis maded it possible to draw up a strategic management plan to improve the management practices of family farming in order to maximize production efficiency, and promote the conservation of natural resources and environmental preservation. © 2022
Based on the dual legitimacy theory, this study combined the institutional theory with the adaptive legitimacy theory to explore the external factors affecting enterprise ESER behaviors, and examined the internal factors affecting ESER behaviors of enterprises based on the strategic legitimacy theory and the upper echelons theory. The data of 5389 listed companies in China during 2008 and 2018 were used. We collected secondary data from the China Research Data Service Platform (CNRDS) and RESSET database. The logit model and ordered logit model were used to analyze the data. Results showed that different factors had different effects on an enterprise's different ESER behaviors. For example, market factors could significantly affect a variety of ESER behaviors of enterprises, while media attention could only significantly reduce the probability of pollutant emission of enterprises. Green technology reserve has a significant and positive effect on several ESER behaviors; while financial slack promotes environmentally beneficial products and green office but inhibits other ESER behaviors. At last, the proportion of females in the senior management team positively influences company's ESER behaviors. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This paper examines the antecedents and performance outcomes of sourcing portfolio diversity in firms’ new product development (NPD). Sourcing portfolio diversity measures the degree to which a firm uses multiple sourcing choices along both organizational and geographic dimensions including domestic in-house sourcing, domestic outsourcing, captive offshoring, and offshore outsourcing. We extend transaction cost economics (TCE) to the portfolio level of analysis and predict that sourcing portfolio diversity in NPD is driven by heterogeneity in two transactional characteristics—technological application diversity, reflecting asset specificity, and variance in project-stage uncertainty. We also argue that the positive effect of sourcing portfolio diversity on firms’ financial performance is driven by aligning sourcing portfolio configuration with the sources of transactional heterogeneity, increased strategic agility, and complementarities between individual sourcing choices. Our empirical study of NPD in the bio-pharmaceutical industry confirms our predictions. We contribute to research on sourcing and NPD by conceptually building and empirically establishing relevance of the sourcing diversity at the portfolio level of analysis and bringing the question of sourcing strategy to the forefront of NPD portfolio management concerns. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Adverse health effects from extreme heat remain a major risk, especially in a changing climate. Several European countries have implemented heat health action plans (HHAPs) to prevent ill health and excess mortality from heat. This paper assesses the state of implementation of HHAPs in the WHO European Region and discusses barriers and successes since the early 2000s. The results are based on a web-based survey among 53 member states on the current national and federal HHAPs in place. Guided by the eight core elements of HHAPs as outlined by the WHO Regional Office for Europe guidance from 2008, we analyzed which elements were fully or partially implemented and which areas of improvement countries identified. HHAP adaptations to account for COVID-19 were sought via literature search and expert consultations. 27 member states provided information, of which 17 countries reported having a HHAP. Five out of eight core elements, namely agreement on a lead body, accurate and timely alert systems, heat-related health information plans, strategies to reduce health exposure, and care for vulnerable groups, were at least partially implemented in all 17 plans. Alert systems were implemented most often at 94%. The least often implemented items were real-time surveillance, long-term urban planning, and preparedness of health and social systems. Five countries had published COVID-19 guidance online. Our findings suggest a progressive improvement in the development and rollout of HHAPs overall and awareness of vulnerable population groups in WHO/Europe, while integration of HHAPs into long-term climate change and health planning remains a challenge. © 2022
Water Sensitive Design (WSD) is gaining attention as a Nature-based Solution (NbS) to urban water problems. It incorporates green infrastructure with engineered urban water systems through innovative design of the built environment and urban landscape. In Africa, Johannesburg and Cape Town are two cities engaging with WSD at a policy level. This paper uses the Strategic Niche Management (SNM) approach in a comparative analysis of ongoing engagement with WSD in Johannesburg and Cape Town. We explore the extent to which this engagement signals the launch of the transition towards water resilience. WSD represents a niche that is in synergy with the visions of sustainable urban (water and environmental) management in both cities. Results indicate a progressive engagement with WSD by different actors at regime and niche levels. However, the lack of coordination and capacity deficiencies due to limited social networks and higher order learning are challenges that constrain take-off and further consolidation of the WSD approach in the transition towards water resilient futures. Furthermore, we find urban governance practitioners struggle with reconciling the pursuit of visions of sustainability to be realised through nature-based urban development with the pressing infrastructure deficits that persist in most African cities. © 2022 The Authors
The purpose of this article is to establish a framework with its related measures for the development of a balanced scorecard (BSC) for auditing firms. A BSC was developed providing the detailed measures for performance evaluation comprising five key elements: learning and growth, clients, internal business processes, financials, and audit-related perspectives of corporate ethics. A survey was undertaken along with descriptive statistics and confirmatory factor analysis in four auditing firms, to assess the external auditors’ opinions for the proposed BSC measures. The results suggest that the development and use of the proposed BSC measures will enhance audit firms’ performance. Audit firms would have a better understanding of the various drivers of performance and strategies thereby creating a competitive advantage. The results are valuable to not only audit firms but also auditing oversight boards who could direct the design of their monitoring process by understanding performance systems in different size audit firms. © The Author(s) 2020.
Purpose: This paper examines the challenges posed for employers by gender equality in the workplace, in a seemingly favourable institutional context (the province of Quebec, Canada), and the reasons why employers adopt (or not) gender equality measures (GEMs) exceeding legal requirements. Design/methodology/approach: The approach draws on both institutional theory and the strategic human resource management (SHRM) approach. Our research is based on a quantitative study involving human resource management professionals in Quebec (n = 296). Findings: The results allow us to link GEMs with certain SHRM orientations (Yang and Konrad, 2011) and institutional pressures (Lawrence et al., 2009). The findings show that, for approximately two-thirds of the employers in the sample, gender equality was not a strategic priority. Consistent with our hypothesis, a greater number of GEMs were found when gender equality was a strategic priority for the employer. Unionization and legal requirements were also positively correlated with the presence of GEMs. Originality/value: The findings indicate a combined effect of SHRM and institutions on GEMs. They point out the relative dependency of employers on the pressures stemming from the institutional framework, and it captures some of the current challenges involved in adopting a SHRM approach with a view to achieving gender equality. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Urbanization has driven the loss of natural aquatic habitats while concurrently increasing the abundance of artificial urban ponds. Urban ponds are not typically designed for wildlife but are often colonized by species of conservation concern, including amphibians. Urban ponds may have conservation value, but it is unclear whether they are equally suitable habitat for all amphibians within a local assemblage and which factors most affect habitat quality. Here, we surveyed 96 ponds in the greater Madison, Wisconsin area from four land-use types: 1) golf course ponds, 2) urban park ponds, 3) urban stormwater ponds, and 4) ponds within mixed-use exurban regions. We assessed which local pond characteristics and landscape factors influenced occupancy of amphibian communities using a Bayesian multispecies occupancy model. We detected nine species, finding at least one species at most ponds (91.8%). Ponds within golf courses and urban parks had higher naïve species richness than other urban ponds. We grouped species based on their habitat requirements in their adult stage as (1) upland (for terrestrial adults) and (2) fully aquatic. Occupancy of upland species increased with greater forest cover and pond area, while occupancy of fully aquatic species increased with greater wetland cover, water fluorescence, and lower water turbidity. Our results suggest that species habitat preferences influence the urban ponds they occupy. Urban ponds provide important amphibian habitat for varied species assemblages. Strategic management of urban ponds could therefore provide key ecosystem services, while also facilitating the conservation of amphibians that are increasingly threatened by habitat loss. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Background: A major barrier to adequate headache care is the relative lack of formal education and training of healthcare professionals. Concerted efforts should be made to pinpoint major gaps in knowledge in healthcare professionals to facilitate better educational policies in headache training. The aim of this study was to identify deficiencies and barriers in headache training among residents in neurology in Denmark. Methods: We conducted a national cross-sectional survey of residents in neurology in Denmark from April 2019 to September 2019. The survey included questions on participant demographics, knowledge of and barriers in headache disorders, guidelines and diagnostic tools usage, contact with primary and tertiary care, medication overuse, and non-pharmacological interventions. Furthermore, respondents were asked to provide a ranked list from most to least interesting for six sub-specializations/disorders, i.e., cerebrovascular disease, dementia, epilepsy, headache, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease. Results: Sixty (40%) out of estimated a population of ~ 150 resident across Denmark accepted the invitation. Of these, 54/60 (90%) completed the survey. Although two-thirds, 35/54 (65%), of the respondents had prior formalized training in headache disorders, we identified gaps in all explored domains including diagnosis, management, and referral patterns. Particularly, there was an inconsistent use of guidelines and diagnostic criteria from the Danish Headache Society (2.74 (± 1.14)), the Danish Neurological Society (3.15 (± 0.86)), and the International Classification of Headache Disorders (2.33 (± 1.08)); 1: never/have not heard of, 4: always. Headache was ranked second to last out of six sub-specializations in interest. Conclusions: Overall knowledge on headache disorders amongst neurology residents in Denmark do not meet the expectations set out by national and international recommendations. Stakeholders should make strategic initiatives for structured education in headache for improved clinical outcomes in parallel with costs reduction through resource optimization. © 2022, The Author(s).
This paper develops a modeling approach to investigate supply chain firms’ strategic decisions to select a capacity portfolio in green technologies for their operations. Our approach enables one to study the equilibrium solution of the entire supply chain network with multiple suppliers and manufacturers. The market and policy-based uncertainties in emission permit price and customer demand are considered, while the supply chain firms can purchase or sell the credit for emission on a carbon emission trading market. We propose a stochastic two-stage model in which the technological capacity investment should be determined in the first stage of the game considering both permit price and demand uncertainties. Once the uncertainties are clear in the second stage, supply chain firms will decide upon their quantity and price to their customers. Proposed analytical and numerical results elucidate the uncertainty value of carbon permit price from novel real option perspectives. The result reveals that the uncertainty of carbon price might have a two-sided impact, both as a risk factor and a potential opportunity for investing in green technologies. The numerical case study shows results corresponding to a paradox, resulting in a balance between cooperation and competition between supply chain parties. We further show why the supply chain members should act strategically to get in a suboptimal choice for all parties involved in the network. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The sharing economy (SE) has been variously described as a disruptive, discontinuous, and social innovation. Now, more than a decade since the emergence of seminal platforms such as Airbnb, and amid heightened competition and macroenvironmental pressures, service innovation has become a strategic priority. Our editorial essay is guided by three objectives. First, as a prelude to this Special Issue, we examine the current state of SE service innovation literature. Despite some important contributions, especially in relation to business model innovation, other salient types of service innovation remain underexplored. Second, we position the contributions of the 13 papers in this Special Issue on our novel Sharing Economy Innovation Framework, which stipulates both the type of service innovation examined, and the focal dyadic relationships involved. Third, based on remaining gaps in the framework, we outline an agenda for future research on SE innovations. © 2022
Afforestation of unproductive or currently non-forested territories can increase carbon land sinks and thus contribute to mitigate climate change. However, investments on large-scale afforestation could be risky because of the predicted effect of climate change on forest productivity of newly created plantations. The aim of this study was to assess the carbon sequestration and mitigation potential of afforestation scenarios with different species (Picea mariana, Picea glauca, Pinus banksiana, Pinus resinosa and Populus spp) on open woodlands and abandoned farmlands in the Province of Quebec (Canada) under different radiative forcing projections. We modelled carbon dynamics in these lands under three Representative Concentration Pathways projections (RCP 2.6, RCP 4.5, and RCP 8.5) over the 2021–2100 period. The forest gap model PICUS was used to model tree growth of afforested species as a function of the Representative Concentration Pathways 2.6, 4.5 and 8.5; these data were then used as input in the Carbon Budget Model – Canadian Forest Sector 3 to simulate the evolution of ecosystem carbon stocks and fluxes as a function of forest management and climate. Carbon transfer to harvested wood products, and carbon fluxes associated with product life cycles and substitution effects on markets, were also included in the analyses. Results showed that Pinus species responded more strongly to variations in radiative forcing than for the other simulated species. Overall, aboveground biomass was particularly altered by increased radiative forcing, which in turn reduced harvesting yield and transfers to wood processing and products. At the end of the simulation, despite the expected impacts of radiative forcing on ecosystems, afforestation scenarios on open woodlands with black spruce, white spruce, and jack pine can deliver carbon mitigation of 32% – 70% over the baseline scenario and 4% – 12% for red pine on abandoned farmlands and, hence, contribute to efforts to reduce GHG emissions, especially over the long term. Although climate change is expected to impact the growth of newly planted areas as part of afforestation efforts, the results of our study suggest that the choice of species to plant and the selected forest management strategy have a greater impact on carbon stocks than climate change itself. This study provides a better understanding of the dynamics of afforestation under climate change and whether investments in plantation can contribute to GHG reduction targets. © 2022
This study examines the time-varying frequency spillovers and connectedness between U.S. sector stock markets and both crude oil and gold and their implications on portfolio management. Using the methodology of Diebold and Yilmaz (2012) and Baruník and Křehlík (2018), the results show that oil, gold, financials, utilities, communications services, consumer staples (at short term), and health care are net receivers of spillovers in the system, and the remaining sectors are net contributors regardless of the frequencies. The extent of spillover reduces when both gold and oil assets are added to sector portfolio. Furthermore, the connectedness among markets is heterogeneous and depends on time horizons and market conditions. Oil offers a higher hedging effectiveness in both the short and long term as well as over different turbulent periods compared to oil. The hedging effectiveness is higher in the long term compared to the short term. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This study presents a new integrated approach based on the fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (FAHP) and zero–one desirability programming (ZODP) for selecting strategic marketing information system projects. The FAHP is employed to prioritize the criteria, and the ZODP is used to select a set of appropriate projects. The proposed integrated FAHP–ZODP approach maximizes the overall desirability value under various objectives, limited resources, and preferences. The findings of this study support decision makers in project selection when conflicting attributes are involved, ensure effective decision making with an understanding of the marketing environment, and assist project management under certain and uncertain environments. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Using five waves of Korean Workplace Panel Survey (KWPS) data, we examine the mediating effects of internal communication channels on the relationship between strategic human resource management and organizational performance. Comparing public, nonprofit, and for-profit organizations, we demonstrate significant sector differences in communication. Our analyses show that only for-profit firms have been able to tap into the advantages of internal communication channels in an effort to improve the alignment between strategic human resource management and perceptions of organizational performance. From the findings, we suggest that public and nonprofit human resource managers may have a number of structural, cultural, and knowledge barriers to effective communication. © The Author(s) 2021.
Purpose: Having complexity theory as the overarching conceptual rationale, this paper presents a research model that defines external drivers, strategic and internal business practices and performance outcomes in service firm contexts. Design/methodology/approach: Using an original survey instrument, the authors empirically examine business process management (1) adopting the mediating roles of shared goal practices and technology imperative practices (2) involving moderating roles of competitive market environments and joint implementation practices. Findings: In response to dynamic market complexity, firms implement business process management through shared goal practices and technology imperative practices for achieving customer service outcomes. The findings also suggest the moderating roles of competitive pressure and joint implementation practices. Research limitations/implications: Generalizations here are limited to service firms. Increasing customer service expectations (e.g. simplicity, convenience, visual images and rapid responses) require firms to involve cross-functional work throughout their organizational processes. Practical implications: In digital environments, business process management requires socio-technological synergy through shared goal practices and technology imperative practices. Originality/value: Building on a theory-driven research model, a survey instrument provides tools to examine business process management of service firms that sense dynamic market complexity challenges and translate them to achieve desirable customer service outcomes. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
After a long history of floodplain degradation and substantial losses of inundation areas over the last decades, a rethinking of floodplain management has taken place in Germany. Floodplains are now acknowledged as important areas for both biodiversity and society. This transformation has been significantly supported by nationwide research activities. A systematic assessment of the current floodplain management is still lacking. We therefore developed a scheme to assess floodplain management through the steps of identification, analysis, implementation, and evaluation. Reviewing the data and literature on nationwide floodplain-related research and activities, we defined key elements of floodplain management for Germany. We concluded that research activities already follow a strategic nationwide approach of identifying and analyzing floodplains. Progress in implementation is slow, however, and potentials are far from being reached. Nevertheless, new and unique initiatives enable Germany to stay on the long-term path of giving rivers more space and improving floodplain conditions. © 2022 by the authors.
In-service training is a critical and frequently utilized implementation strategy to support the adoption and delivery of evidence-based practice (EBP) across service settings, but is characteristically ineffective in producing provider behavior changes, particularly when delivered in single exposure didactic events. EBP trainers are in a strategic position to leverage their trainee-perceived characteristics to influence trainees’ attitudes, motivation, and intentions to implement, and ultimately increase the likelihood of successful uptake of skills. The purpose of this study was to extend research on the measure of effective attributes of trainers (MEAT) by examining its underlying factor structure and reliability in the context of in-service EBP training for teachers (i.e., structural validity). This study also examined the predictive validity of the MEAT by examining relationships with a measure of teacher intentions to implement EBPs following a standardized training experience (i.e., predictive validity). An exploratory factor analysis (EFA) was employed to determine the latent factors (i.e., subscales of characteristics) that underlie the data. Additionally, a forward selection, stepwise regression was conducted to determine the extent to which trainer attributes could explain variance in intentions to implement. Results indicated that the MEAT was a valid and reliable measure to examine trainer attributes in school settings. Moreover, findings suggested that trainer attributes, particularly those related to trainee perceptions of the trainers’ welcoming disposition (i.e., related to trainers’ warm, positive temperament and internal character traits), were significantly associated with trainees’ intentions to implement the trained upon EBP. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Theoretically, the concept of digitalization would promote energy sustainability, because it improves energy efficiency through behavioral changes related to energy use. However, it may also conversely cause excessive energy consumption if not managed well. Nowadays, digitalization has been widely adopted in ASEAN, not only in the economic sector but also in social activities. This development is believed to improve the energy efficiency towards energy sustainability in the long-run. As digitalization is closely related to energy use behavior that will consequently promote energy efficiency and sustainability, comprehensive statistical analysis is essential to uncover the truth and debunk incorrect potential energy consumption behavioral patterns of digitalization and its effects on energy consumption. This study investigates the impact of digitalization on both total and disaggregated energy consumption. We use a balance panel dataset that covers 1990-2018 in five major ASEAN countries. The Cross-Sectional Augmented Autoregressive Distributed Lag (CS-ARDL) approach is employed to estimate both long run and short run elasticity of digitalization. The results conclude that digitalization does indeed bring down energy consumption levels in total and in all disaggregated sources. Hence, more investment into increasing and enhancing digital infrastructure is recommended towards achieving energy sustainability strategic objectives. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Hedging is typically understood as a middle path straddling balancing/bandwagoning, the military/economic, and United States/China. This conventional understanding of hedging confuses risk and threat. It also makes the hedging concept non- falsifiable and thus analytically dubious, while further reinforcing a false dialectic of other states in the Asia-Pacific as caught between the United States and China. This article proposes to restore the centrality of risk and autonomy back to the concept of hedging. It contends that hedging is a risk management strategy that emphasizes autonomy-to retain control, reduce uncertainty, and remain secure-preventing the costs of alignment by signaling ambiguity in the military, political, and eco- nomic sectors. This hedging concept is subsequently applied to a case study of Singapore, demonstrating that the island state is the quintessential hedger. In so doing, this article develops a falsifiable concept of hedging that enables such a strategy to be explicitly identified, and importantly, returns agency back to the other states amid intensifying Sino-US competition. © 2022 Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Being strategic and intentional in the management of volunteers is increasingly important to tackle volunteer retention and improve other volunteer outcomes. Drawing on strategic human resource management (SHRM), this inductive study utilizes qualitative data from interviews to explore how volunteers in a large youth organization perceive HR practices of training and recognition. Volunteer accounts are supplemented with focus group data from front-line staff to capture how HR practices are implemented. Findings indicate a disconnect between implemented and perceived HR practices in some, but not all, areas. Inconsistent and unintentional communication was the main driver for negative volunteer perceptions. © The Author(s) 2021.
Migrants are often perceived as a group of vulnerable victims, especially within a legal context such as the one in this study: lawyer–client consultations in the field of immigration law. The literature describes how institutional limitations often translate into asymmetric lawyer–client dynamics. The linguistic-ethnographic data gathered for this study shows, however, that the reality is more complex. In operationalizing the concept of agency, this study focuses on the dynamic-relational nature of power differences, which implies a move away from the binary conceptualization of structure and agency. The ethnographic lens helps to unpack agency and reveals a picture of strategic behaviour that is contextually embedded and multi-layered. In this light, the performance of agency and vulnerability is shown to be (1) interactionally achieved, (2) indicative of an awareness of macro-level processes, and (3) reflective of the philosophy behind the authorities’ migration management. © 2022 The Author. Journal of Law and Society © 2022 Cardiff University Law School.
This article, in the field of the strategic management, addresses specifically with the competitiveness of tourism firms. It aimed to analyze the perception of companies operating in adventure tourism in Portugal, focusing on the factors that provide them a competitive advantage, through the lens of a Resource-Based View (RBV) approach. Semiestructured interviews were conducted with 38 Adventure Tourism Operators (ATO). These ATOs were able to identify a wide range of factors that, in their perception, can provide internal competitive advantage, Human Resources being the most mentioned factor. It was noticed that the focus of competitive advantage relies mainly on Resources and Operational Capabilities. Dynamic Capabilities are not frequently referred by firms. Due to the characteristics of this sector in Portugal, we concluded that achieving competitive advantage in Adventure Tourism must be difficult and that these ATOs are in competitive parity. Management implications: This article focuses on competitiveness in Adventure Tourism Operators (ATO) in Portugal, a subject that we considered under studied, more specifically, in the internal perspective of competitive advantage. The results highlight that ATOs effectively recognize some competitive advantage factors, but these are mainly based on resources and operational capabilities that are not rare or inimitable. Considering that Adventure Tourism is a predominantly service sector, competitive advantage might rely on the improvement of dynamic capabilities in order to make firms able to better explore their resources and develop dynamic competences, like innovation, partnership development and strategic thinking. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: Existing studies on project performance improvement mainly investigate project management (PM) execution processes. Limited publications investigate the project management office's (PMO) proficiency in facilitating proper PM practice. This paper identifies the key performance indicators (KPI) of PMO operations and develops a KPI-based performance management system (KPMS) for revitalising PMO performance for an engineering-service contractor (ESC). Design/methodology/approach: A four-phase study was initiated at an ESC in Trinidad and Tobago (T&T). Phase-1 established historical project performance and PMO challenges via documentary analysis. Empirical data from the PMO staff and management was acquired at Phase-2 to determine PMO process value-drivers and strategic roles. Phase-3 comprised the development of a modified PMO process and the KPMS, whereas Phase-4 evaluated the efficacy of the PMO process and the KPMS framework in a trial period. Findings: The ESC's existing PMO process lacked significant value-drivers of its PM practice. The company also overlooked strategic PMO roles. Trial implementation of the modified PMO process achieved improved project performance, which stakeholders attributed to the value-driven processes and guidance provided by the KPMS. The KPMS, when used in tandem with Earned Value Management (EVM) index score review revealed core performance aspects that could facilitate continuous improvement of the PMO process at the ESC. Practical implications: Findings provide an adequate basis for policy creation regarding PMO performance evaluation and guidance for companies contemplating a similar endeavour. A viable model for PMO performance management and improvement is proffered. The findings and the model would provide a platform for subsequent research in the areas of PMO development and business process improvement. Originality/value: This is the first study conducted to obtain management and practitioners' inputs on developing a PMO performance management framework in a project-based contractor organisation in T&T. Various PMO challenges and implications of improvements specific to engineering-service contractors and similar organisations were determined. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is an important strategic technology choice for the future reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, which plays a crucial role as part of an economically sustainable route. Although some studies have discussed CCS demonstration projects and early developments, CCS has not been investigated as an innovative niche for sustainable transition. In an attempt to fill this gap, this study studies CCS as an innovative niche and assess the niche development of CCS in China by using a strategic niche management (SNM) framework. The evolution of three interlinked niche processes (expectations, social networks and learning process) is analysed with a comprehensive analytical approach that includes policy, social network and bibliometric analysis. Results show that a CCS niche has formed in China, but it is at a relatively low level of niche development in terms of the three internal processes. The expectations for CCS evolved linearly and are constantly being reinforced. The actor network supporting CCS niche development is sparse, and network cohesion is gradually decreasing. CCS learning continues to deepen but remains insufficient; it focuses on technical aspects and provides little attention to policy and social issues. The results indicate that expectations have been well-established at various levels in China, but the network and the learning process still need to be improved. Our findings help to identify problems in the development of technology and provide useful references for technology planning and the further development of CCS. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The construction of a comprehensive observation platform for natural-resource elements would provide data support for studies of dynamic changes in various natural resources, and could serve the needs of natu-ral-resource management and the construction of ecological civilization during a period of global change. As the second-largest inland river basin in NW China, the Heihe River Basin (HRB) lies in the central part of the Silk Road Economic Belt, consequently, pilot studies of resource management in the basin are urgently needed. This paper describes the construction of a comprehensive natural-resource elements observation network in the HRB to meet requirements for natural-resource management, based on natural-resource and Earth-system science. Based on current observations and research, thirteen observation stations were established in different river basins through integration with existing stations, reconstruction and upgrading, and new construction. The main types of land-surface resources in the HRB (grassland, forests, rivers, lakes, deserts, wetlands, and farmland) were in-cluded in the observation network constructed for the monitoring of natural-resource elements. Long-term, contin-uous, and stable observation can yield key data concerning coupling processes, trends of change, and rates of change in natural resources. This is of great significance in improving cognitive ability, scientific management, and strategic decision-making regarding natural resources in the HRB, and can provide a reference paradigm for the observation of and research into natural resources in other basins. © 2022, Editorial office of Journal of Resources and Ecology. All rights reserved.
This paper investigates control and design-for-control strategies to improve the resilience of sectorized water distribution networks (WDN), while minimizing pressure induced pipe stress and leakage. Both evolutionary algorithms (EA) and gradient-based mathematical optimization approaches are investigated for the solution of the resulting large-scale non-linear (NLP) and bi-objective mixed-integer non-linear programs (BOMINLP). While EAs have been successfully applied to solve discrete network design problems for large-scale WDNs, gradient-based mathematical optimization methods are more computationally efficient when dealing with large search spaces associated with continuous variables in optimal network control problems. Considering the advantages of each method, we propose a sequential hybrid method for the optimal design-for-control of large-scale WDNs, where a refinement stage relying on gradient-based mathematical optimization is used to solve continuous optimal control problems corresponding to design solutions returned by an initial EA search. The proposed method is applied to compute the Pareto front of a bi-objective design-for-control problem for the operational network BWPnet, where we consider reopening closed connections between isolated supply areas. The results show that the considered design-for-control strategy increases the resilience of BWPnet while minimizing pressure induced leakage. Moreover, the refinement stage of the proposed hybrid method efficiently improves the coarse approximation computed by the initial EA search, returning a continuous and even Pareto front approximation. © 2022
This study investigates the spatio-temporal changes in maize yield under projected climate and identified the potential adaptation measures to reduce the negative impact. Future climate data derived from 30 general circulation models were used to assess the impact of future climate on yield in 16 major maize growing districts of India. DSSAT model was used to simulate maize yield and evaluate adaptation strategies during mid (2040-69) and end-centuries (2070-99) under RCP 4.5 and 8.5. Genetic coefficients were calibrated and validated for each of the study locations. The projected climate indicated a substantial increase in mean seasonal maximum (0.9–6.0 °C) and minimum temperatures (1.1–6.1 °C) in the future (the range denotes the lowest and highest change during all the four future scenarios). Without adaptation strategies, climate change could reduce maize yield in the range of 16% (Tumkur) to 46% (Jalandhar) under RCP 4.5 and 21% (Tumkur) to 80% (Jalandhar) under RCP 8.5. Only at Dharwad, the yield could remain slightly higher or the same compared to the baseline period (1980–2009). Six adaptation strategies were evaluated (delayed sowing, increase in fertilizer dose, supplemental irrigation, and their combinations) in which a combination of those was found to be effective in majority of the districts. District-specific adaptation strategies were identified for each of the future scenarios. The findings of this study will enable in planning adaptation strategies to minimize the negative impact of projected climate in major maize growing districts of India. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
This study aims to examine the commonalities of dynamic capabilities (DCs) across firms and identify their idiosyncratic practices within firms – an under-researched area within the strategic management and related innovation management literature. Although the existing research has attempted to identify commonalities of DCs across firms, there is hardly any research on specific practices within firms identified under those commonalities. We address this critical research problem to understand how firms can develop and deploy idiosyncratic practices of DCs but also align such firm-specific practices with common best practices of DCs across firms. Based on a mixed methods study, we first conceptualize and empirically examine the commonalities of DCs across firms using quantitative survey data from 113 UK high-tech SMEs. This is followed by identifying specificities of developing and applying DCs within firms based on qualitative interview data from 20 UK high-tech SMEs. Our findings reveal that the commonalities of DCs are manifested in two components: absorptive capability and transformative capability, and that these two capabilities are embedded in specific practices within firms. Therefore, this study contributes to the understanding of how DCs are developed and deployed in the specific context of firms but also aligned with ‘best practices’ of DCs across firms. © 2021 RADMA and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The sustainability of recreation and tourism in coral reefs depends on ecological health and environmentally responsible behaviors in those ecosystems, which are partly guided by social norms. The power of social norms lies in the behavioral obligations imposed by a group, and in the informal sanctions enforced by others or felt by oneself when conforming to or violating those obligations. This study examined the norm power of 12 coral reef behaviors of non-resident SCUBA divers and snorkelers in the Florida Keys. In a mail questionnaire, respondents rated how obligated they were to do each of the 12 behaviors when diving or snorkeling on a coral reef, and how embarrassed (informal sanction) they would feel if they were seen violating each of those behaviors. Overall, the results showed that divers and snorkelers were obligated to do all 12 types of behaviors, but the amount of norm power was distinguished by the level of embarrassment varying between the two groups. High norm power values suggest that SCUBA divers and snorkelers self-regulate and enforce desirable behaviors within their activity groups. Relatively low norm power behaviors should be monitored and may need targeted communication strategies or management interventions to help instill a sense of obligation and sanction. These findings have important implications for monitoring behavioral compliance, promoting ocean stewardship, and establishing management policies to sustain coral reef ecosystem services. © 2022
As firms respond to stricter regulations and increasing consumer expectations, reverse logistics programs to support end-of-life product management strategies have become more prevalent. Despite a growing body of theoretical literature on this topic, many firms struggle to implement efficient and effective reverse logistics systems. In this article, we identify common strategic, tactical, and operational considerations needed to design reverse logistics programs and offer industry examples to show how organizations have excelled in these areas. Through a synthesis of literature and examples, we provide key takeaways across a range of reverse logistics activities. We present ways in which managers can implement best practices in reverse logistics that not only benefit the environment but also generate societal and stakeholder value, augment and improve customer service and loyalty, and increase market share and revenue capabilities. © 2021 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University
As Japan has announced its decision to start discharging radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean, it's expected that global marine environment pollution will worsen due to the contaminated water, posing a new challenge to the ballast water management system dominated by the flag state. In this context, this paper studies the equilibrium strategies on ship ballast water discharge controls between the flag states and the port states in different situations. Through a numerical study, we analyze how the ballast water discharge location, decision sequences of relevant states, the role of the International Environmental Protection Organization and its aid strategies impact the control strategies by the flag states and the port states. In the event of radioactive water discharge, the flag state controls alone do not yield satisfactory results, and the port state control is effective supplementation to the flag state control to mitigate risks of marine pollution. Furthermore, where the International Environmental Protection Organization takes reasonable aid steps, the flag states are incentivized to take control measures. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The vital importance of branding in global markets is accepted by both practitioners and scholars. However, there is a lack of research to explain the relationship between international strategic brand management (ISBM) and export performance. Drawing on contingency theory and the concept of strategic fit, this study develops a model of the ISBM-export performance relationship, and identifies four potential external environment moderators, namely foreign market competitive intensity, foreign market buyer incongruence, national export policy and domestic market competitive environment. Using a sample of successful UK exporters, the findings support the argument that the link between ISBM and export performance is contingent upon particular external environmental moderating factors. The implications suggest that certain multifaceted external environmental conditions may be more advantageous for practitioners to strategically manage their brand in overseas markets than had previously been realized. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to explore how business-only corporate responsibility coalitions (CRCs) help member firms manage sustainability issues. Design/methodology/approach: This conceptual analysis of business-only CRCs, using the literature on sensemaking and social issues management, explores how participation in CRCs enhances firms’ capabilities for sustainability issues management by improving their sensemaking competencies, abilities to choose and adapt issue responses and efficiency in implementing issue responses through better issue response mechanisms. Findings: Business-only CRCs help firms with high as well as low levels of sustainability orientation better manage sustainability issues by carrying out the exploratory aspects of issues management: scanning, identifying and evaluating issues and proposing responses to issues. Practical implications: The widely applicable, nonbinding and scripted responses proposed by CRCs allow participating firms a high degree of autonomy to choose and adapt their responses. However, firms must approach their CRC memberships with collaborative intent and high transparency to achieve these benefits. Social implications: Participation in CRCs can help scale up firms’ responses to sustainability issues through more efficient issues management processes that allow them to customize issue responses to their needs. Originality/value: Research on the management of sociopolitical issues can be enriched if these issues are understood as collective, multilevel challenges rather than purely strategic issues faced by individual firms. This study contributes to the business collective action and issues management literatures by emphasizing the importance of collective management of sustainability issues and how it may improve firms’ capabilities for sustainability issues management. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Through the lens of organizational learning theory, we develop and test a moderated mediation model of commitment-based HR practices (CBHRP), absorptive capacity, organization structure and routines, and knowledge creation in ambidextrous organizations. We test two new individual-level dimensions of absorptive capacity (AC) in ambidextrous organizations: ambidexterity and flow experience. This empirical investigation is based on 377 expatriates who responded to our survey over two time periods working in various multinational organizations' R&D centers in India. Our findings suggest that CBHRP is critical in predicting knowledge creation and AC in an ambidextrous organizational context. Furthermore, we find that AC mediates the linkage between CBHRP and knowledge creation, and organization structure and routines (OSR) act as a moderator. Focusing on expatriates in ambidextrous organizations, our study extends contextual understanding of ambidextrous organizations and integrates organizational learning and knowledge creation theory into strategic human resources management (SHRM) research. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
This study considers the choices of channel structures and information strategies in a supply chain with demand uncertainty. The results show the following: (1)The decentralized channel structure dominates the centralized channel structure when the information strategy is given. (2)Information sharing by the downstream rival is always beneficial to the vertically integrated producer but is not necessarily detrimental to itself. In particular, information sharing increases the downstream rival's profit in the centralized channel structure when the demand signal is relatively accurate. (3)The vertically integrated producer always benefits from the increase in forecast accuracy and the downstream rival may be worse off in some situations, which provides a theoretical ground for the “accuracy trap.” In addition, the discussions of the wholesale price commitment and the uniform pricing contracts show that the wholesale price contracts can influence the information sharing conditions of the downstream rival and the effects of strategic decentralization, eventually influencing the equilibrium strategies of channel members. © 2022 China Science Publishing & Media Ltd.
At the beginning of 2020, feelings of fear and uncertainty spread throughout the world after the novel coronavirus rapid propagation. The world was not ready to face such a situation. Countries implemented emergency measures to contain it, which included social distancing and shutting down the economy. Social and economic impacts were unpredictable. This manuscript aims to present the application of a remote scenario planning method that identifies threats, opportunities, and subsidies to a strategic evaluation in a short term. The main results identified 15 key trends, four critical uncertainties, four scenarios, ten opportunities, and 13 threats. They were debated and presented to some Brazilian organizations' decision-makers to help develop strategies to curb the aftermath of COVID-19. Our findings show that it is possible to use this agile method to build consistent and coherent scenarios that support the decision-making process. Part of the experts said that participating in the process was essential to comprehend it better. The process also contributed to their learning process and their organization on anticipatory strategy thinking concerning possible future. They agree that the scenarios were relevant, defiant, and plausible and incorporated meaningful events and real challenges to their organizations' strategy formulation or decision-making. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Cross-docking is a common logistics practice applied in transit platforms to synchronize inbound and outbound vehicles in order to avoid keeping in-between storage. The practice plays a critical role to accelerate transportation flows. In this paper, we focus on Physical Internet (PI or π) cross-docks and discuss how this concept changes the current classical design, management and optimization of cross-docking platforms. We present the optimization problems related to cross-docks in the PI context and highlight the distinctive features of a π-cross-dock. A review of the existing literature on the main ideas and components of the π-concept, and on the design and operations of π-cross-docks (π-hubs) is firstly presented. Then, the functional design of the π-cross-dock and the classical one are discussed while highlighting the distinctive features of both configurations. The different cross-docking optimization problems arising from the PI paradigm are then specified at the strategic, tactical and operational decision levels, showing how they differ from the problems already addressed for “traditional” cross-docking platforms. Finally, as a proof of concept, a preliminary study is carried out on one of the newly specified problems. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Managing customer returns is a supply chain issue; manufacturers typically manage them through buyback contracts, while retailers can attempt to recover a product's salvage value, or sell it as an open-box item. This paper investigates returns management strategies by developing a game theoretical model for a supply chain with a manufacturer (Stackelberg leader) and a retailer (the follower) facing customer returns. The manufacturer chooses either a buyback or a wholesale-price contract. Under a wholesale-price contract, the retailer either salvages or resells returned products. We identify the optimal returns management strategy. We show that each of the three strategies may achieve Pareto improvement for both supply chain members, and for the customers and society. The retailer's choice to resell or not depends on its inspection cost, or the system efficiency of the supply chain in reselling a returned product relative to that in selling a new product. The manufacturer's choice of contract depends on whether it can salvage a returned product more efficiently than the retailer, and on the retailer's unit inspection cost of the returned product. We capture a few identifiable quantities and thresholds that help the manufacturer and the retailer to simplify decision making. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The aim of this study is to clarify the effect of e-HRM on organizational performance and talent management following a quantitative method with a cross-sectional design to collect data by a questionnaire distributed to a sample of managers working at industrial firms in Jordan. Based on the strategic evolution perspective, the results pointed out that e-HRM contributes to the achievement of organizations strategic objectives through its significant and positive effects on both organizational performance and talent management. Hence, it was concluded that e-HRM is one of the most critical antecedents of reaching the organization's strategic objectives. Such results call firms to enhance their implementation of e-HRM practices and scholars to examine the effect of e-HRM on other variables such as competitive advantage, human resource development, and strategic align-ment. © 2022 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.
In emerging markets, Corporate Social Responsibility and social entrepreneurship practices emerge as drivers of social inclusion and welfare. In countries with considerable demands for social and economic transformations, Corporate Social Responsibility provides a positive force for addressing society's major challenges such as the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In this paper, we examine how two projects selected by the United Nations Development Programme (UNPD) orient their operations toward responsible management practices in a transition economy context and answer two questions: 1) Does Corporate Social Responsibility supporting social entrepreneurship pave the way for greater inclusion?, and, 2) How do the Corporate Social Responsibility practices help achieve the SDGs? By focusing our analysis on stakeholder theory, we highlight how context can influence the strategic management process of social inclusion choices. Both cases provide practical implications of how the insertion of responsibility thematic in core business strategy acts as an effective driver for the development of fundamentally important SDGs. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The notion of ecological networks (EN) and their identification can support approaches to nature conservation strategies aiming at biodiversity, landscape connectivity, and people’s well-being. Integrating ecosystem services (ESs), morphological spatial pattern analysis (MSPA), circuit theory, and landscape pattern index analysis, we proposed a new framework for mapping EN that was expected to promote economic development and ecological protection. Specifically, source areas were extracted through a combination of ESs and MSPA that integrated functional and morphological spatial attributes. Resistance surfaces were determined based on habitat quality. A network linking ecological source areas was then identified using circuit theory, and landscape pattern index analysis was used to identify ecological strategy nodes in view of the heterogeneity within ecological corridors. The results showed that the Sichuan Basin involved 553 ecological sources, 641 ecological corridors, and 33 ecological nodes that altogether included 20 ecological strategy nodes. Constructing regional EN can promote the transformation of multiple, chaotic, and scattered ecological elements to systematic and networked ecological elements and ultimately promote harmonious coexistence between humans and nature. This study provided a methodology for the extraction of ecological source areas and strategy nodes and can provide a significant reference for the management and optimization of EN. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Open innovation (OI) is among the key strategic resources of enterprises, especially in high-tech sectors such as the ICT industry. The use of OI platforms and/or networks that facilitate access to and sharing of OI knowledge is gaining increasing interest. This study aimed to assess the factors motivating and hindering the use of OI platforms and/or networks in the ICT industry in Poland. The uniqueness of this approach lies in the use of a PROFIT analysis to develop proprietary models of the importance of the various motivating factors and barriers to the use of OI platforms and/or networks in the ICT industry in relation to the job position held. This study hypothesized that the knowledge of factors motivating and hindering the use of OI platforms and/or networks in the ICT industry varies across occupational groups. In order to verify the hypothesis and answer the formulated research questions, a diagnostic survey method with a survey technique was used. The results of this study confirm that the job position occupied by employees in the ICT industry is relevant to each of the factors that pose obstacles to their use of OI platforms and/or networks. Managers and management, as well as developers, are less likely to restrict the use of the aforementioned solutions due to organizational and/or administrative barriers, while more likely due to reluctance to share knowledge. For specialists and analysts, legal barriers and NIH syndrome are greater obstacles. For programmers, negative attitudes toward open innovation and lack of internal commitment to the company are less of an obstacle. Insufficient support from top management is a major barrier for administrative staff and programmers. The conclusions formulated can be useful in practice for managers in the ICT industry to make optimal use of access to OI. © 2022 by the author.
Although recent studies have investigated trademarks in terms of economics, marketing, and management, strategic trademark management on the part of enterprises remains poorly understood, and a unified theoretical framework has not been established. To promote research in this area and guide enterprises’ strategic trademark management, we have performed a systematic literature review covering articles from the last 40 years and developed a theoretical framework based on three dimensions: antecedents–core mechanisms–outcomes. After defining and highlighting three activity domains: rights, licensing, and litigation—within which trademark-related strategic actions are typically undertaken, we focus on two core mechanisms: trademark strategy and strategic trademark management. Furthermore, four types of trademark strategy and five decision-making factors in trademark management are summarized, in addition to the antecedents and outcomes of strategic trademark management. Finally, according to the theoretical framework, we propose four areas of future research: trademark activity domains, trademark strategy, strategic trademark management, and enterprise performance of trademark management. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Agrosilvopastoral systems are multifunctional, complex, and knowledge-intensive systems with the potential to deliver multiple ecosystem services. However, their future is hindered by socio-ecological factors which influence the dynamics of the associated landscapes by modifying how the natural resources are used over time and across the territory. An integrated analysis of the most influential factors and the associated dynamics urges due to the strategic potential of these systems to provide locally adapted ecosystem services to face both local and global challenges. We investigated the changes in the demography, productive activities and the strategies of land use, and how they influenced the landscape dynamics, in the Redes Biosphere Reserve. Datasets with demographic, socioeconomic, and landscape parameters from 1956, 1985, and 2016 were created. Landscape metrics were calculated for the whole Reserve and for six areas covering the bioclimatic variability. Historical data, interviews with the local population, and repeated images were used to reconstruct the land uses and the landscape maps in each period. The number of inhabitants declined 60% from 1956 to 2016, and only 4.7% are less than 15 years old nowadays. The human group’s capacity to maintain sustainable and productive activities is highly questionable. During the same period, the number of farms decreased by 80% and the herds evolved from multispecific (63% cattle and 37% small ruminants) to monospecific ones (around 88% cattle). The complex land management strategies simplified: subsistence agriculture almost disappeared and the diversity of livestock and agroforestry strategies also decreased. The landscape metrics revealed the most drastic changes in the lowlands associated with the construction of two water reservoirs and the disappearance of croplands and open chestnut forests. At middle altitudes, around 43% of the hay meadows disappeared and the remaining grasslands are only grazed, whereas grazed grasslands declined by 77% at the highest altitudes. Two drivers repeated across the three bioclimatic scenarios: expansion of dense woodlands (average 220%) and shrublands (295%). All these changes led to the reduction of the landscape diversity and the simplification of the mosaic, with possible environmental implications. Integrated approaches including environmental and socioeconomic measures are needed to preserve the landscapes and associated services. Copyright © 2022 González Díaz, González Díaz and Rosa-García.
This study addresses the dynamics of how states employ proxies to achieve their strategic goals in the so-called gray zone between normal competition and armed conflict. The basic question is whether the use of proxies by the challenger in a crisis decreases the probability that the defender state will respond with violence. We start by examining a broad set of crises where the initial triggering act is either nonviolent or violent, to assess whether defenders respond to proxy triggers or triggers by the challengers themselves with a greater propensity for violence (hypothesis A). We also consider a narrower set of cases, where the triggering act is violent, asking whether the defender is more likely to respond in a tit-for-tat manner to a proxy, or to a state challenger (hypothesis B). We find that proxy use is associated with a higher probability of defender violence, regardless of whether the initial crisis trigger was itself violent. In addition, when the trigger is violent, defenders are more likely to respond in a tit-for-tat manner when a proxy does the triggering. Proxy usage actually leads to violent escalation, potentially questioning the assumption that challengers may minimize damage through the use of proxies.  © The Author(s) (2022).
Mining can cause harm to both human health and ecosystems. Regulators in low-income countries often struggle to enforce decent environmental standards due to financial, technical, and personal capacity constraints and political capture. In such settings, social accountability strategies are often promoted through which citizens attempt to hold governmental and private actors directly to account and demand better governance. However, social accountability initiatives are rarely effective. We demonstrate how political ecology analysis can inform social accountability theory and practice by identifying the power structures that define the potentials and limits of a social accountability strategy. We study the coal mining area of Hwange in Western Zimbabwe, where mining not only supplies coal to power plants and factories of multinational companies but also pollutes the Deka River. Together with local community monitors, we implemented the first citizen science project conducted in Zimbabwe and identified the sources and extent of the pollution. The scientific data strengthened the community monitors’ advocacy for a cleaner environment and empowered them in their exchanges with the companies and the environmental regulator. However, only some of their demands have been met. The political ecology analysis, spanning from the local to transnational levels, reveals why local social accountability initiatives are insufficient to spring the low-accountability trap in a state captured by a politico-military elite, and why corporate governance regimes have not been successful either. We argue that pro-accountability networks are more effective when they include complementary players such as multinational enterprises, provided their responsible procurement approach moves from a corporate risk management to a developmental logic. © 2022 The Author(s)
The evaluation of regional water-saving level can provide scientific theoretical support for steadily promoting the implementation of a national water-saving priority strategy. Referring to the water consumption statistics of 31 provinces (except Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) in China in 2018, 14 easily accessible and comprehensive indexes were selected to establish an index system of regional water-saving level and a water-saving level evaluation model based on support vector machine optimized by genetic algorithm (GA-SVM) was constructed to analyze the national regional water-saving level from different perspectives. The results showed that the water-saving level in China presented a spatial distribution characteristic with Beijing City, Henan Province and Zhejiang Province as the center and gradually decreased outward. From the perspective of regionalization, the water-saving level in North China, Central China and Southeast China was higher, while the water-saving level in Northwest China, Southwest China and Northeast China need to be improved. Therefore, the national water-saving level is generally at a medium level and effective water-saving work and water-saving schemes should be carried out according to different regions and industries. © 2022 by the authors.
Long-term and wide-ranging citizen science programs provide a unique opportunity to monitor wildlife populations and trends through time while encouraging stakeholder participation, engagement, and trust. Hunter observations is such a program that in Sweden is used on a regular basis to monitor population trends of moose. However, hunter observations are not reliable to determine the actual population size. We developed a mechanistic moose population model that integrated citizen science data and used it at various geographical scales to estimate moose population size between 2012 and 2020. A sensitivity analysis, specifically performed for recruitment, adult sex ratio and calf sex ratio, showed that the simulated population size was most sensitive for variation in recruitment. According to the results, Sweden had a total moose population of ∼311 000 (± 4%) individuals pre-hunt and ∼228 000 (± 4%) post-hunt in 2020. The post-hunt moose abundance has decreased nationwide with 15%, from 0.72 to 0.61 moose per km2 during the 2012 – 2020 period. The present post-hunt moose density was estimated at 0.39, 0.78, 0.84 and 0.54 per km2 for the regions northernmost, northern, central and southern Sweden, respectively. The simulation model can be used for strategic and operative management at various geographical scales and is publicly available. By integrating citizen data with a mechanistic population model, a new low-cost method of estimating population size and relevant population dynamics was established. © 2022 The Author(s)
The main aims of the study were to evaluate the current situation of traditional trap nets fishery in the Bontang Marine Conservation Area (MCA) of Indonesia and to offer a development strategy for its sustainable management. To achieve these, various approaches were applied, including focus group discussions and interviews using questionnaires with small-scale fishers and stakeholders. Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats (SWOT) and quantitative strategic planning matrix (QSPM) approaches identified the required planning strategies. Results revealed that the existing activities of traditional trap nets fishery in the MCA are not fulfilling the sustainability requirements. However, policy makers could solve the current weaknesses and threats, based on the prioritization of the primary relationships between weaknesses and opportunities, by developing alternative livelihoods for the traditional trap nets fishers to improve their welfare. © 2022, BIOFLUX SRL. All rights reserved.
Due to the increasingly severe energy crisis and rising environmental pollution, as an environmentally friendly travel tool, the development of new energy vehicles (NEVs) has been vigorously pursued in many countries. The Chinese government put forward “Parallel Management Measures for the Average Fuel Consumption of Passenger Vehicle Enterprises and Credits for New Energy Vehicles” (referred to as the “dual credit policy”) to promote NEVs. Under the dual credit policy, enabling the NEV supply chain to make research and development (R&D) optimization decisions with capital constraints is a vital issue. Based on the dual credit policy, this study proposes an R&D decision model, incorporating suppliers’ capital constraints, to obtain the optimal strategy for addressing such constraints and promoting NEV development. The results of this study indicate that the dual credit policy promotes the development of the NEV industry whereas the capital constraints weaken the incentive effect of the policy. We propose two solutions, taking bank loans and sharing the cost with manufactures, to relieve the financial constraints. Furthermore, we put forward the conditions for choosing the optimal one. With the increase in the loan interest rate, the credit price, and the technology improvement credit coefficients, suppliers should choose the solution of sharing cost with manufactures. Otherwise, loan strategy is more acceptable. © 2022 The Authors
The socio-economic transformations taking place nowadays bring about the necessity to transform the currently dominating linear paradigm of economic growth. The basis for such a transformation is, first of all, the implementation of sustainable systems of production and consumption, so that they evolve into companies implementing the assumptions of a closed-circle economy. Although the concept of such an economy has been widely accepted by both researchers and practitioners, there is still a lack of thorough recognition of the determinants of its application at the organizational level. Attempting to fill this research gap, this paper addresses the conceptual link between companies’ eco-innovation activities and the CE paradigm. It attempts to assess the importance of eco-innovation, both technological and nontechnological in nature, as determinants of the implementation of the concept of a closed-loop economy. The prospects for the implementation of a closed-loop economy are described, then the concepts and types of eco-innovation are organized, and finally the role of eco-innovation as a catalyst for the implementation of the CE concept is explained. The article also indicates the most important management practices, understood as strategic actions necessary in the process of generating and implementing innovations leading to the realization of the idea of reverse material flows. As a consequence of the discussion, the proposition suggested herein is to develop the existing circular business models by taking into account the eco-innovative activities of enterprises. The article is also an attempt to start a discussion on the category of open eco-innovations and to popularize the practice of open access to eco-innovations. © 2022 by the authors.
The growth of the mid-sized enterprise arguably facilitates the resilience and stability needed for a thriving economy, even though such firms are comparatively overlooked or underrepresented in the scholarly literature. Further, the process of how mid-sized firms grow is seemingly unexplained. We address this gap in the literature through qualitative research and unveil a growth process model for mid-sized enterprise, illuminating the interaction of relationship and resource variables that are orchestrated by managers to achieve growth. Results from our research capture formative interactions and how they are developed, exploitative strategies coupled with galvanised relationships and integrated relationship and resource complexity as drivers to state-dependent growth. We unpack which variables foster growth as well as how, where and when they do so and contribute to literature with finer-grained description and prescription for growth objectives in mid-sized firms. © The Author(s) 2022.
The introduction of new technology, such as the Internet of Things (IoT), entails a growth in digital devices, which could ultimately result in a high amount of electronic trash (e-waste) production if they are not appropriately managed. Apart from that, the regulation on possible “IoT E-waste” generation is yet to be regulated, probably due to the new development and implementation of IoT globally. Hence, this paper proposed a Sustainable IoT E-waste Management guideline for households. This guideline could assist government agencies and policymakers in their strategies, planning, development, and implementation of a sustainable household IoT e-waste management initiatives in Malaysia. This study is an exploratory study that adopts a qualitative case study research method. The guideline was developed based on the Integrated Sustainable Waste Management (ISWM) Model. This guideline contributes to Malaysia's sustainability agenda in reducing carbon emissions intensity towards 2030 by 45 percent. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Identifying the key threats that influence coral reef ecosystems, one needs accurate information about coral health status to provide information for enhancing coral reef management. In this study, the health status of the coral reefs in the Pulau Perhentian Marine Park (PPMP) is characterized by using two ecological components, benthic (BI) and fish (FI) indexes, which were combined to form a two-dimensional Coral Health Index (2D-CHI). The BI was determined based on data collected using the Coral Video Transect (CVT) method, while the BI using the data collected using Underwater Visual Census (UVC). The findings showed that significant difference in percentage cover of biotic (live hard coral [HC], algae [ALG], and other invertebrates [OT]) and abiotic (dead coral [DC] and sand, silt, or rock [SR]) components between the islands largely was contributed by ALG, DC, and SR rather than HC. In total, 110 species were identified, with fish biomass ranging from 11.18 g m−2 to 193.62 g m−2. The total biomass among the site is mainly contributed by fish from the Pomacentridae family, comprised of small fish such as damselfish and clownfish. Based on the BI and FI values, the 2D-CHI in PPMP can be classified from “fair” to “very degraded”. The 2D-CHI revealed that 55.33% of the reefs were in a degraded state, and only one station was in fair condition. There were four survey stations recognized as being of a very degraded condition. The findings presented here suggest that local pressure such as sedimentation, nutrient enrichment, and heavy reliance on coral reefs (particularly due to tourism) are the potential threats to the reefs in PPMP. Therefore, strategic reef management is required to minimize impacts in order to improve the health of the fragile ecosystem. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
China’s development strategies have long been premised on an institutionalized urban-rural divide, on the basis of which the population is governed. This urban-rural divide is being reconfigured as China’s relationship to the global economy transforms. As China’s leaders seek to upgrade the economy from one focused on export production to one based on urban middle-class consumers, China’s population is being reorganized. China’s largest cities are pivotal to this strategy. Branded “world cities,” as they further integrate into the global economy, they are becoming exclusive zones, their populations carefully managed and selected. In Beijing, urban villages are key sites for enacting such strategies. Under a controversial program known as “sealed management,” inhabitants are subjected to various forms of surveillance and monitoring. This constitutes a dual strategy both to control local villager populations during land expropriations and to “upgrade” the migrant labor force in keeping with the government’s global city plans. © The Author(s) 2022.
In the literature, organizational sustainability identity tends to be treated as something that is ‘engineered’ within business organizations through control, reporting, target setting, strategic communication, and other instruments. Through a case study of a company mainly active within the recycling industry, an alternative understanding is given. A distinct organizational sustainability identity is, rather, a social construct based on perceptions of the core operations as “sustainable in themselves” and collaborative work with customers that is perceived as entailing sustainable solutions. Understood in this way, organizational sustainability identity has relatively little to do with formal controls such as codes, policies, reports used by management to position the company as sustainable. Rather, for organizational members, the process of constructing oneself as sustainable builds on convictions about the core operations and the possession of specific capabilities manifested in customer relations. The article adds to current literature through its constructivistic approach and through identifying underlying beliefs that condition the process of forming an organizational sustainability identity. © 2022 The Authors
B2B technology-enabled services, such as telecommunications, depend on buyers' internal practices to manage resources within their branch facilities. This paper introduces the concept of B2B buyer operational capability (B2B-BOC) as the bundle of facility-level practices (strategic emphasis, employee training, infrastructure management, and security) that, together with supplier information quality, are necessary for continuous technology-enabled service delivery (service continuity). We use survey data from 300 buyers in Brazil to test our hypothesis. Results show that (i) B2B-BOC completely mediates the effect of supplier information quality on service continuity and that (ii) B2B-BOC varies significantly among facilities of the same buyer. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Guarantee credit financing (GCF), allows banks to offer loans to capital-constrained retailer (he) based on the guarantee contracts offered by the manufacturer (she). Therefore, this study investigates the signaling role of guarantee contracts when the retailer is less informed about its product's market potential. In particular, we explore a joint contract of guarantee credit and production quantity to deliver the manufacturer's demand information. We add a framework to the capital-constrained supply chain with asymmetric demand information under GCF. Using a signaling game to capture the demand information asymmetry, we identify the strategic interaction between the retailer and the manufacturer under GCF. Also, we investigate the value of GCF when both GCF and trade credit financing (TCF) are viable. We find that the single guarantee contracts cannot signal the manufacturer's demand information when the production cost is less than a threshold, otherwise, only the separating equilibria survive the intuitive criterion. Besides, the findings reveal that the demand information asymmetry can either benefit or harm the retailer or the manufacturer, but cannot benefit both of them. In addition, GCF remains an attractive financing option when both GCF and TCF are viable. A joint contract of guarantee credit and production quantity can be used to deliver the demand information if the guarantee contracts are invalid. Our paper helps to explain the impact of asymmetric demand information on supply chain partners’ decisions under GCF and sheds light on the design and use of guarantee contracts. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Climate change has caused an unprecedented rise in urban temperatures. It has become essential to identify vulnerabilities and capacities to tackle extreme events, such as heatwaves. This study proposes a localized heatwave vulnerability index (L-HVI) based on exposure, sensitivity, and capacity components. The proposed index was operationalized for formal and informal settlements of Lahore, Pakistan. The data was collected from 400 households through a questionnaire survey. The average weighted index method was used to construct individual indices. Descriptive statistics, chi-square tests, and paired sample t-tests were used to identify differences between formal and informal settlements. Results showed that households of informal settlements had limited coping capacities, making them more vulnerable to heatwave impacts. The adaptation strategies also varied between the two settlements. This study contributes to disaster risk reduction and climate change adaptation discourse by proposing a heatwave index for the Global South region. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
A circular economy limits the consumption of virgin resources, fosters cleaner production, and promotes the efficient utilization of resources. However, many companies still struggle with its implementation. In this study, we explore the barriers that companies encounter internally and externally when implementing circular economy measures. Based on 59 interviews with Swiss small- and medium-sized enterprise managers from three industries, we identify six company-internal barriers (risk aversion, short-term orientation, economically dominated thinking, unwillingness to engage in trade-offs, shortage of resources, and lack of knowledge) and four levels of company-external barriers (technology, market, legislative, and society and consumers). We further identify their interrelationships and integrate them into a holistic sustainable strategic management framework. Finally, we present six broader strategic recommendations building on the study framework. © 2022 The Authors
Artisanal and small-scale mining (ASM) make up roughly 90% of the colored gemstone trade, a still untamed industry where money laundering, cartels, arms purchases, and crime run rampant while many miners prospect and dream of finding “the big one.” Women make up to 30% to 50% of ASM, often in developing regions. Struggling to make a living and support their families, women miners are subject to discrimination, unfair labor practices, and poor access to rich foreign markets. Grounded in a longitudinal case study in Africa, this qualitative research examines the journey of an organization seeking to emancipate women miners through supply chains that embrace technology, provenance, and disintermediation. This research demonstrates the strategic value of emancipatory technologies for firms. Secondly, we find evidence that combinations of storytelling and digital records create multidimensional provenance that mitigates a number of supply chain risks, particularly in tainted chains. Lastly, this research extends Tang's framework for engaging marginalized populations as suppliers and producers. © 2022 Association for Supply Chain Management, Inc.
Home and community composting are key strategies for local organic waste management. The quality and safety of industrial composts are controlled, but those of home and community composts are not, and this could make them unsafe for use in kitchen gardens. Home (n = 20) and community (n = 41) composts, from urban and suburban areas including mildly Pb-contaminated allotment gardens, were analyzed for quality and safety regarding trace metals and metalloids (TMM) using mid-infrared Fourier transform spectrometry (FT-MIR) and portable X-ray fluorescence spectrometry, respectively. Home composts had a significantly higher Pb content (98 mg.kg−1 ± 10 mg.kg−1) than community composts (21 mg.kg−1 ± 2 mg.kg−1). Numerous home composts (85%) and a few community composts (17%) exceeded the organic farming thresholds for Pb (45 mg.kg−1) and Zn (100 mg.kg−1). The high mineral matter content and the relative abundance of chemical functions attributable to silicates (up to 35%) highly paralleled with TMM contents, mostly concentrated in the fine fraction. Co-inertia analysis highlighted strong and significant links between TMM contents and the whole chemical signature delivered by FT-MIR spectrometry. Pb-contaminated soil could be carried into home compost by green waste or by voluntary addition. Covariance analyses indicated that mineral matter and chemical functions only partly explained the variability in Pb content, suggesting a more complex combination of drivers. Community composting appears as a suitable local solution resulting in high-quality compost that complies with European organic farming regulations, while home composting from allotment gardens should be seriously evaluated to comply with such safety requirements. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Most cross-cultural studies on management control have compared Anglo-Saxon firms to Asian firms, leaving us with limited understanding of potential variations between developed Western societies. This study addresses differences and similarities in a wide variety of management control practices in Anglo-Saxon (Australia, English Canada), Germanic (Austria, non-Walloon Belgium, Germany) and Nordic firms (Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden). Unique data is collected through structured interviews from 584 strategic business units (SBUs). We find that management control structures in Anglo-Saxon SBUs, relative to those from Germanic and Nordic regions, are more decentralized and participative and place greater emphasis on performance-based pay. Comparing Germanic SBUs to Nordic ones, we find Germanic SBUs to rely more on individual behaviour in performance evaluation, whereas Nordic SBUs rely more on quantitative measures and value alignment in employee selection. We also observe numerous similarities in MC practices between the three cultural regions. The implications of these findings for theory development are outlined. © 2022, The Author(s).
Purpose: The purpose of this article is to examine the communicative factors that facilitate or hamper the development of an inclusive work environment with an emphasis on the communication about equality, diversity, and inclusion (EDI), while taking diversity characteristics of employees into account. Design/methodology/approach: In total, 84 persons employed in Austria and Germany, who feature various observable and non-observable diversity characteristics, were interviewed following a problem-centered approach. Findings: The results indicate that employees with (observable) diversity characteristics, who tend to feel less included, observe more excluding and marginalizing communication and practices in their organizations. Moreover, formal interpersonal communication appears to be more important to develop a highly inclusive workplace than informal interpersonal communication and other forms of communication about EDI. Research limitations/implications: The sample was rather imbalanced and comprised only employees in Austria and Germany, which limits the study's explanatory power. However, the findings stress the significance of formal interpersonal communication as the cornerstone of an inclusive workplace, which should be followed up in future research. Practical implications: In terms of the development of an inclusive work environment the findings suggest that strategic (i.e. formal) organizational communication about EDI issues is key to increase the perception of inclusion. Originality/value: This paper contributes to the literature by demonstrating the importance of interpersonal communication as a key factor that facilitates, but also hampers an inclusive work environment. © 2021, Daniel Wolfgruber, Lina Stürmer and Sabine Einwiller.
This case is developed to discuss various leadership styles and strategies that are necessary for Milk Mantra in order to expand and sustain growth in complex emerging markets. The protagonist in this case is Srikumar Misra, founder and CEO of Milk Mantra. He is faced with serious challenges as the organization plans to expand into new markets across India. This case talks about the dreams, aspirations, and the dent that the company has left in the history of dairy business and the plans of expansion it has for the future. The leadership evolution for the company is very strategic with the changing business focus. This case illustrates the understanding, in depth, about the evolution and growth of the company, and the current obstacles being faced by the firm. The analysis of the case study is more suited for postgraduate students in general and specifically for the students of general management programs and human resource management programs. © 2021 K. J. Somaiya Institute of Management.
In the pursuit of economic survival in the current competitive conditions with the aim of long-term prosperity and sustainability in the market, many companies today approach significant strategic changes in the management of their business. The purpose of this study is the design of a systematic procedure for implementing strategy changes into internal business processes for a project-oriented production type of organization. The proposed methodology contains steps where the selection and verification of key performance indicators at individual levels of management takes place. Furthermore, their monitoring and quantification of the impact of the change in strategy on internal company processes. The result of the study explains how the management can monitor and evaluate the chosen processes in accordance with the fulfilment of the chosen strategy of the company, which supports the systematic introduction of changes in the processes with the aim of sustaining the company’s performance. © 2022 by the authors.
Transnational issues in public administration are charged with coordination problems between public and private actors. This is especially true for nascent issue fields. The mitigation of global cyber risks represents one such emerging issue. International organizations have encouraged the development of cybersecurity strategies as an integral part of national security regimes and to strengthen the global security environment. Cyber capacity building (CCB) efforts respond to these calls and disseminate digital risk management to recipient states. At a time where public administrations have not determined a position on CCB, global professional service firms have affirmed the importance of external third-party knowledge on cybersecurity issues. They are “seeding the cloud” to benefit from the field as it matures. Through the application of the Strategic Action Field framework, I highlight how field dynamics are shaped through framing contests and reflected in the practices of policy production. © 2021 The Author. Public Administration published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Firms' activities to govern their supply chains are defined as supply chain management practices. This research explores a model that describes the association between organizational performance and supply chain management practices. Based on existing research, a theoretical framework for the investigation was established. A standardized questionnaire was developed to gather data for the research, which was completed by 396 supply chain professionals from Saudi Arabian food companies. Partial least square (PLS)–structured equation modeling was used to examine the model and hypotheses. Four independent variables were chosen to scrutinize the impact of supply chain management strategies on organizational performance: customer relationship, strategic supplier partnership, level of information sharing, and postponement. According to the research, customer relationships, strategic supplier partnerships, and information sharing all have a major impact on organizational performance. On the other hand, the postponement has no significant impact on organizational performance. © 2022 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
We derive the socially optimal allocation of liability for product-related accidents when firms delegate their output and safety choices to managers under a contract that depends on profits and revenues. With exogenous product risk, the optimal contract emphasizes revenue over profits as a way of inducing managers to increase output independently of the liability allocation. When product safety is endogenous, however, this strategy distorts managers’ product safety choice because the managers underweight the cost of safety relative to expected harm whenever consumers bear some share of liability. It is then socially optimal to hold firms fully liable for victim losses. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Managerial attitudes are often seen as critical to sustainable employee participation practices, yet very little is known about how managers act within employee voice fora. We examine managements’ decision to actively consult with employees, and by doing so contribute to industrial relations debates concerning the role of managerial prerogative and trust to better understand the attitudes of managers towards elected employee representatives. Using evidence from a 2-year longitudinal study of non-union employee representation, we report on how managements’ perception of risk about sharing information with employee representatives influences their decision as to how to consult with employees. The findings show that managers can be unwilling to share information with employee representatives, which constrains the depth and scope of consultation. The role of management decision-makers, typically the I&C fora Chairperson, is highlighted as champion for, or obstacle to, consultation. Lastly, the data illustrate that I&C is viewed by management as a lower strategic organizational priority, and how extending worker voice is constrained by the importance management place on maintaining their presumed prerogative of control. Implications for theory and practice are discussed. © 2021 The Authors. British Journal of Industrial Relations published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
In this paper we analyse how interactions between governing bodies influence Dutch energy regions’ capacity to govern the energy transition. We develop an analytical framework which draws on, and merges, two different theoretical perspectives: multi-level governance and capacities for transformative climate governance. We apply this framework in an exploratory case study of the Dutch energy regions Holland Rijnland and Noordoost Brabant. Results are primarily derived using a set of interviews and desk study. Aided by the framework, we find that, while the Regional Energy Strategy (RES) arrangement is clearly geared towards facilitating orchestration through coordination and exchange of ideas and standpoints, the current governance approach, is hindered by unclear and ambiguous roles and responsibilities, a referral back to and dependence on traditional hierarchical structures, and high transaction costs. These interactions negatively influence capacity development in the regional energy transition by complicating strategic alignment and the creation of opportunity contexts. © 2022 The Authors
Water scarcity is a prevailing problem that constrains crop production in many regions worldwide. The application of deficit irrigation strategy is a reliable approach, which may contribute to some degree to overcome the problem of global water scarcity. A two-year study was conducted to assess the effects of timing and severity of the deficit irrigation on yield, water productivity (WP) and yield response factor (Ky) of potato. In 2018, the treatments included: 100% (V100) of crop evapotranspiration (ET), 50% (V50–100) reduction of ET until end of tuber initiation, 50% (V100–50) reduction of ET during the middle of tuber bulking up to maturity stage and no irrigation following plant establishment (V0). In 2019, the treatments included: V100 and V0 as in the previous year, deficit irrigation at 50% of ET (DI50), partial root-zone drying (PRD) at 75 or 50% of ET applied during the whole growing season. Deficit irrigation at a reduced rate of 50% of ET crop during the first part of the crop cycle (V50–100) strongly depressed total yield while limiting irrigation water for the last part of the crop cycle (V100–50) did not induce significant losses in yield. Deficit irrigation positively affected water productivity, especially with V100–50, suggesting that water efficiency was closely related to the growth stage than to the available water in the soil. In 2019, reducing water to 75% of V100 with PRD75 did not significantly affect tuber yield, while the further reduction in the irrigation water with PRD50 or DI50 resulted in a substantial yield decrease. Although the same amount of water was applied to both treatments, the reduction in yield was 41% with DI50 compared to 28% with PRD50, where the latter proved to be superior in maintaining yield. However, an appreciable increment in WP was observed with both PRD treatments unless the water stress is too high to depress the yield. The sensitivity of potato to water stress was more remarkable when water was applied at individual growth stages than at different severities. In contrast, potatoes have been tolerant to both stress timing and severity in total dry matter. These results showed that using deficit irrigation late of the season or with PRD can improve water-saving, minimize yield losses, and consider optimal strategies for drip-irrigated potatoes in the arid regions. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Puerto Rico has been subject to complex and compounding effects of multiple disasters, exacerbated by sociopolitical, climactic, and geographical challenges that complicate relief and resilience. Interdisciplinary teams are uniquely suited to traverse emerging challenges in post-disaster settings, but there are few studies that leverage transdisciplinary skill sets and virtual co-production of knowledge to build on local autonomous responses. Communities are key sources of information and innovation which can serve as a model for recovery amidst disaster. Thus, an interdisciplinary team of emerging scholars collaborated with Caras con Causa, a local organization in Cataño, Puerto Rico, to develop processes for enhancing autonomous responses to disaster events through participatory pathways, specifically highlighting local knowledge and preferences. The results of this collaboration include: (1) an iterative process model for transdisciplinary co-production in virtual settings and (2) key highlights from post engagement reflections including community-scale definitions of disaster, and limitations to virtual collaboration amidst disaster. Together, these results yielded critical insights and lessons learned, including recommendations for improved project communication methods within transdisciplinary and virtual collaborations. Collectively, the process, it's resulting products, and the post-engagement reflections demonstrate a pathway for scholars and community members to engage disaster resilience challenges. These strategies are most effectively practiced through focused collaboration with community stakeholders and are paramount in solving real-world challenges related to the increasing complex of compounding disasters. © 2022
The purpose of this article is to explore the strategic value, resources, and capabilities of information systems, as well as their effect on financial performance in the Jordanian hotel business Design/methodology/approach- The research was carried out on a representative sample of Jordanian hotel establishments. It uses the framework developed by Bharadwaj as a guide to assist firms in addressing the management of information systems and developing a better competency in that area. Research limitations/implications-This study contributes to the establishment of a new framework of analysis in the literature on information systems management by introducing a perspective of analysis for the study of the strategic deployment of information systems attributes that is based on the resource-based view of the hospitality industry. This perspective of analysis is used in the study of the strategic deployment of information systems attributes. Practical implications-This paper provides a useful framework for beginning the diagnosis of the situation of each hotel in terms of its available information systems resources and capabilities, as well as for identifying and selecting the information systems resources and capabilities that make the greatest contributions to the profitability and quality of the hotel. Originality/value-In order to determine which information systems resources and competencies are most significant in the creation of unique hotel competences, this effort will assist in identifying those that are most important. © 2022 NSP Natural Sciences Publishing Cor.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to identify the roles and responsibilities most important to public procurement practitioners to learn about procurement’s influence in the public management setting. Also, the skills and abilities associated with these roles and responsibilities are identified and discussed to implicate the strategic orientations of practitioner work and the skills and abilities that support these endeavors. Design/methodology/approach: The 2020 National Institute of Governmental Purchasing (NIGP) survey is used as a method of primary data collection and analysis. Factor analyses are run to yield relationships between the roles and responsibilities in public procurement to determine what it is that public practitioners value the most in their work, as well as to control for skills and abilities, to implicate the ways in which these roles and responsibilities are approached from a strategic perspective. Findings: The results demonstrate that public procurement roles and responsibilities do not easily fit into any one category of public management, and that qualitative factors in public procurement are rated to be more important than quantitative factors. Additionally, the skills and abilities deemed to be most important in completing these roles and responsibilities implicate qualitative traits such as building trust and credibility, effective communications and relationship management. Social implications: The study demonstrates that although public procurement practitioners view the socio-economic roles and responsibilities to be most important, such as in creating a culture of continuous improvement, developing a thriving workplace, supporting an ethical workplace and providing professional development opportunities, that public procurement falls short because the actual implementation of social and environmentally sustainable policies and fostering of an ethical professional culture are not viewed to be important by practitioners. The study offers leadership and stewardship as an approach to combat this lack of follow-through by public procurement departments. Originality/value: This study provides exclusive access to the 2020 NIGP study and, to the best of the author’s knowledge, is the first research of its kind to highlight the roles and responsibilities, skills and abilities viewed to be most important by public procurement practitioners. Additionally, the link between skills and abilities, and roles and responsibilities is discussed to implicate leadership and stewardship in the strategic orientations of public procurement. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The activities of economic entities of the public sector in the conditions of uncertainty are associated with many risks, which manifest themselves in negative consequences, i.e., the lower effectiveness of executing assigned powers. Many subjective and objective factors influencing managerial decisions require the knowledge of methods for assessing and managing risks in order to reduce their consequences and achieve the strategic goals of economic entities. There is a promising theory of risk management that does not have the proper theoretical and methodological support, which limits its application. Currently, most studies are concerned with the feasibility of applying and adapting control mechanisms in the public sector. However, the theory of risk control, or risk management, is not considered by modern economists. The objective is to form a budget management mechanism in the Federal Treasury (regulatory body) as an element of risk control. The study considers the optimality and efficiency of the distribution of budgetary funds in the process of exercising the assigned budgetary powers by regulatory authorities and conducting a comprehensive analysis of causes and conditions that affect negative deviations from the standard values. The results of this study contribute to the body of knowledge about risk management, and the proposed approach can be used in similar studies in the public sector. © 2022 by the authors.
Under the Paris Agreement, nations made pledges known as nationally determined contributions (NDCs): national climate plans detailing countries’ ambitions to adapt to climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Population growth is a driver of both climate vulnerability and climate-altering emissions. We asked, to what extent do countries take population growth into account in their NDCs, beyond simple statements of population trends? Our research method was a comprehensive text review of 164 NDCs submitted by countries. About one-third (49) of countries’ NDCs either link population growth to a negative effect and/or identify population growth as a challenge or trend affecting societal needs. Common impacts of population growth noted were increased energy demand, natural resource degradation, vulnerability to climate impacts, and decreased food and water security. Seven NDCs included strategies to slow population growth, and none specified implementation measures. Overall, the adaptation potential and mitigation co-benefits associated with slowing population growth through meeting the unmet need for family planning are largely overlooked in national NDC documents, suggesting that they are also neglected in countries’ climate change planning. In upcoming rounds of NDC updates, we recommend that governments consider the potential impact of population growth on adaptation and mitigation efforts, prioritize meeting their unmet needs for family planning, and integrate population-health-environment projects in their national climate plans. © 2022, The Author(s).
Mangrove species are undergoing environmental changes from nutrient-poor to enrichment due to the large nutrient input. The potential difference in adaptive strategies between the slow- and fast-growing species may lead to great changes in species interaction and ecosystem stability. This study aims to test whether the slow-growing species Aegiceras corniculatum (L.) Blanco and Kandelia obovata Sheue, Liu & Yong sp. nov. are distinctly different from a fast-growing species Laguncularia racemosa (L.) Gaertn. f. in response to soil nutrient enrichment. With the increase of soil nutrients, L. racemosa shifted from a more conservative to a more acquisitive strategy. The potential causes included the increases in specific leaf area, nutrient resorption efficiency, and photosynthetic capacity as indicated by the increase of leaf δ13C and unchanged leaf succulence, as well as the relocation of photosynthetic products as indicated by the shift toward fast-growing at the cost of constructive and defense compounds. In contrast, A. corniculatum and K. obovata maintained conservative strategies at any soil nutrient levels with only a slight increase in growth. These findings implied that L. racemosa will be more competitive over the slow-growing species in nutrient-rich soils through altering adaptive strategies. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
A descriptive analysis of 416 documents was performed using bibliometric techniques, in order to gather existing knowledge in circular economy focusing on waste management (2007–2020). The results of this study indicate that annual scientific production increased 94% in the last 5 years, highlighting the countries of Italy, Spain, the UK, China, Brazil, and India. Between the most cited documents stand out those related to calorific value of municipal solid waste and waste to energy technologies for achieving circular economy systems. The conceptual analysis indicates strong linkage between circular economy and sustainable production, waste management, and recycling. Emerging research trends evolved from processes and industry-oriented approach (2017) toward waste management, recycling, and circular economy (2019) and sustainable development and urban solid waste (2020). The analysis reveals five dominant circular economy and waste research themes: (1) greenhouse gases; (2) circular economy, waste management, and recycling; (3) life cycle; (4) waste treatment; and (5) anaerobic digestion and recovery; trends research are related to policy interventions, and enforcement of authorities’ regulations to foster circular economy transition, increase the use of practices of recycling and reusing, as well as discourage a growing consumption culture. Results found denote the challenge represented by the implementation of comprehensive policies in circular economy. The above being a key alternative for green recovery in response to the current COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to understand and evaluate the roles and functions of the Sharīʿah committee (SC) of Islamic banks (IBs) in Malaysia and to recommend a resetting of the scope of responsibilities to enable the SC to effectively respond to current market needs. Design/methodology/approach: A Likert-type survey questionnaire was developed and distributed to all available SC members through e-mails and online surveys as well as self-administered questionnaires. At the end of the survey, 87 useable questionnaires were collected from 161 SC members, representing a 54% response rate. Findings: This study finds that most SC members have the necessary Sharīʿah qualification, and they are mostly academics with doctoral degrees. However, there is a noticeable lack of diversity in the composition of experts in the committees. Respondents indicate that their main functions are to ensure Sharīʿah compliance of bank operations and product offerings. This is of course consistent with their stated functions as outlined in the Bank Negara Malaysia's Sharīʿah Governance Policy Document (BNM, 2019). The study finds that SCs are not involved in product development, nor responsible for financial performance. Respondents indicate three ways to enhance the role of SCs: improving banking knowledge of the members, more engagement with the board of directors (BoDs) and broadening the functions of SCs. Practical implications: This study highlights two policy implications. First, there is a strategic need for IBs to consider having a diversity of expertise in the SCs while maintaining the Sharīʿah experts as core members. Second, this study recommends a reset of the scope of duties of the SC to include three new areas: risk management, product development and financial performance. Originality/value: This study evaluates the current functions of the SC of IBs in Malaysia and provides suggestions for improvement in the composition of the committee and in the scope of duties of SCs based on contemporary needs. © 2022, Mansor Isa, Siew-Peng Lee, Obiyathulla Ismath Bacha and Rubi Ahmad.
We address the issue of multi-aircraft cooperative strategic trajectory planning in free-route airspace (FRA) in this study, taking into consideration the impact of time-varying and altitude-varying wind forecast uncertainty. A bi-level planning model was established in response to the properties of the wind. The upper level focused on minimizing the flight time, while the lower level aimed to reduce potential conflicts. Meanwhile, a heuristic approach based on conflict severity (CS) within the framework of a cooperative co-evolution evolutionary algorithm (CCEA) was proposed to accelerate the convergence speed in view of the complexity of this optimization issue. In order to conduct the experiments, historical data of 1479 flights over western Chinese airspace were retrieved. The number of conflicts, total flight time, total flight time variance, and deviation were used as indicators to evaluate the safety, efficiency, and predictability of the trajectory. When compared to a trajectory in the structured airspace, the optimal solution was conflict-free and reduced the total flight time by about 17.7%, the variance by 11.7%, and the deviation by 37.5%. Additionally, the contrast with the two-stage model demonstrated that the proposed method was entirely meaningful. The outcome of this survey can provide an effective trajectory-planning method, which is crucial for the sustainable development of future air traffic management (ATM). © 2022 by the authors.
The construction sector and the industries comprising it are among the most significant contributors to waste generation worldwide. The recently introduced concept of the Circular Economy (CE) offers a promising opportunity to reduce construction and demolition waste (C&DW). However, potent CE strategies and tools concerning formulation and implementation are in the nascent stage of development. This study aims to create a strategic development framework to identify and select specific CE actions and measures and then employ them to address C&DW problems in the construction sector. The methodology is based on applying a “generic” balanced scorecard (BSC) for construction companies in emerging economies, using the case of Kazakhstan. First, following a review of the literature, several relevant CE measures are selected and then prioritized in terms of their importance by a sample of industry professionals. Respondents also indicate the extent to which CE practices are employed by their companies. Next, the data are analyzed to assess the perspectives of business stakeholders on CE in the construction sector. Finally, a BSC tool is developed, and feasible strategies are proposed that can be implemented to achieve a high level of circularity. The tool developed from this research initiative should be applicable for measuring C&DW performance in emerging markets similar to Kazakhstan. The practices rated as the most important are: C&DW transportation cost (Ix = 3.15), adoption of CE to decrease C&DW (Ix = 3.14), management by each contractor of their own C&DW (Ix = 3.39), accurate material estimation (Ix = 3.84), internal knowledge sharing (Ix = 3.59). Practices identified as the most frequently employed are: paying fines for improper treatment of C&DW (89 %), compliance with environmental legislation (91 %), following correct construction methods and sequence (94 %) and using prefabricated structures (94 %), and access for education, particularly, waste processing (94 %). © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In a previous study we tested a model for implementation of methodological support for cross-sectoral collaboration for strategic transition toward sustainability. To make the model viable long-term, practitioners emphasized the importance to recruit and engage leaders into the process upfront, however, this was also the key missing element according to the ten municipalities and regions in the action research project. Nevertheless, if addressed sufficiently, active leadership could favor other needed support, such as capacity building and merging with ongoing work. Therefore, this study aimed to design, test and evaluate an approach to better involve leaders into strategic decision-making for sustainability early on in the collaboration processes. The approach evolved as an in-depth study in one of the municipalities. A pre-assessment based on semi-structured interviews and desktop review was compiled and presented back to municipal top management during a session that included a focus group discussion to capture the leaders' feedback on the assessment as well as advice on how to make the implementation model viable long-term. Results gave that the leaders reached a good understanding of the implementation model and how current practice in the municipality related or could be related to it. As an indicator of spurred engagement and hence, a successful result, one outcome from the session was a strategic decision to carry out a thorough sustainability analysis according to the methodology that the model is supposed to implement. This work is ongoing. In addition, support for alignment with existing management systems was asked for. An evaluation of the approach itself was positive, however, pointed at the extensive work needed for the assessment. Alternative ways, such as self-assessment or peer-assessment was discussed. Forthcoming research will test and further refine the applied approach of this study to enhance strategic decision-making for sustainability while also considering the role of academia in municipal practices for sustainability. Copyright © 2022 Wälitalo, Robèrt and Broman.
Purpose: This study aims to explore and clarify the mechanism by which cognitive heuristics influence strategic decision-making during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic in an emerging economy. Design/methodology/approach: Data collection was conducted through a survey completed by 213 top-level managers from firms located in the twin cities of Pakistan. A convenient, purposively sampling technique and snowball method were used for data collection. To examine the relationship between cognitive heuristics and strategic decision-making, hypotheses were tested by using correlation and regression analysis. Findings: The article provides further insights into the relationship between cognitive heuristics and strategic decision-making during the COVID-19 pandemic. The results suggest that cognitive heuristics (under-confidence, self-attribution and disposition effect) have a markedly negative influence on the strategic decision-making during the COVID-19 pandemic in an emerging economy. Practical implications: The article encourages strategic decision-makers to avoid relying on cognitive heuristics or their feelings when making strategic decisions. It provides awareness and understanding of cognitive heuristics in strategic decision-making, which could be very useful for business actors such as managers and entire organizations. The findings of this study will help academicians, researchers and policymakers of emerging countries. Academicians can formulate new behavioural models that can depict the solutions to dealing with an uncertain situation like COVID-19. Policymakers and strategic decision-making teams can develop crisis management strategies based on concepts from behavioral strategy to better deal with similar circumstances in the future, such as COVID-19. Originality/value: The paper’s novelty is that the authors have explored the mechanism by which cognitive heuristics influence strategic decision-making during the COVID-19 pandemic in an emerging economy. It adds to the literature in strategic management, explicitly probing the impact of cognitive heuristics on strategic decision-making; this field is in its initial stage, even in developed countries, while little work has been done in emerging countries. Peer review: The peer review history for this article is available at https://publons.com/publon/10.1108/IJSE-10-2021-0636. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Research summary: Our article examines the deliberate creation of learning opportunities in the global rollout of innovations. Some firms launch in only a subset of markets at first, with later launches being conditional on debut-market performance. Such sequencing decreases the downside of potential innovation failure but increases the downside of potential competitive preemption. Consistent with this trade-off, handset makers during the feature-phone era sequence rollout more often when innovations are novel. Also consistent is that sequencing seems to respond to firms' past experience with failure and preemption, and that it begins in markets offering strong signals of success and failure—markets with competing innovations and sophisticated consumers, respectively. Our findings contribute to the understanding of entry strategy and opens avenues for researching intentional organizational experimentation. Managerial summary: Firms can decide whether to launch innovations little by little or everywhere at once. Trial launches allow firms to test commercial viability and react to outcomes before rolling out elsewhere, but risks that competitors get their first. An immediate global launch, by contrast, reduces the scope for competitive preemption but increases the costs of potential failure. Our article uses data from the handset industry to highlight conditions that shape rollout decisions and examine the debut markets sought out for trial launches. Firms tend to trial novel innovations in particular, and their experience with prior misses as well as flops influences their preference. Trial launches often begin in markets with strong competition and discerning consumers, indicating an initial prioritization of learning over monetization. Opportunities for experimentation during market rollout thus ought to feature in strategic considerations of entry timing. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Rare earth elements (REEs) are essential for promoting clean energy technologies and making high-performance materials because of their unique physical and chemical properties. In order to respond to climate change, the Chinese government has promised to achieve carbon neutrality before 2060. Under such a circumstance, the demand for REEs will increase significantly. However, several challenges exist in current REEs supply chain management in China. This policy brief discusses these challenges from a life cycle perspective, covering REEs mining, smelting, manufacturing, waste management, and recycling. Policy recommendations on future REEs supply chain management are then proposed, including adequate mining quota, a strategic REEs list, innovative high-tech applications, and circular economy. Copyright © 2022 Ge, Geng, Dong, Liang and Zhong.
We investigate market reactions to announcements of offtake contractual agreements. Offtake deals occur where a counterparty (offtaker) commits to partially or wholly purchase output from a project in return for technical, operational or financial support. Despite being common in the mining industry internationally, there is little empirical research on this important risk management strategy. Applying cooperative arrangements theory and using an event study approach, we find project sponsors exhibit mean (median) announcement date abnormal returns of 5.87 % (3.29 %). Evidence consistent with the resource pooling and real options explanations are found along with a negative certification effect for deals with financial intermediaries. We interpret this result to be consistent with a bargaining explanation. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Geotourism is a form of maintainable tourism that emphasizes the geoheritage characteristics of a district. Karst landforms are one of the most imperative appealing aspects of the theme of nature-based tourism. The geomorphological regionalization of the karst landforms contributes to a better understanding of Earthʼs evolution and provides the necessary provincial knowledge for resource utilization, ecological protection, and general economic improvement. To achieve this goal, an integrated geomorphological approach for inventorying, appraising, and evaluating sites of karst geoheritage within the framework of geomorphosite assessment method convoyed by SWOT analysis has been performed in the White Desert National Park (WDNP), Western Desert, Egypt. The paper aims to highlight the geotourism potential of the WDNP and offer strategic plans for identifying geotourist resources to a larger community through geoeducation and geoconservation. The WDNP is covered by Upper Cretaceous-Late Tertiary karstified carbonate successions and fluvioclastic rocks that host an interesting assemblage of diverse karst landforms (geodiversity) and amazing flora (bioturbation mangrove roots) together with fauna (biodiversity), revealing a geological open-air museum. The karst sites, which offer several phenomena with significant lithological, morphological, and paleogeographic features, embrace aesthetic, educational, scientific/scenic, and touristic values that will endure spectators of the geological evolution of this province. The brilliant conspicuousness, scientific excellence, innovative appeal, and distinctiveness of karst geomorphosites involving poljes/uvalas, karst lakes, natural sculptures, mushrooms, inselbergs, towers/bridges, dolines/sinkholes, cones/domes, and speleothems deliberate resources for the progress of geotourism. These landscapes can be considered tools for science and education because they give knowledge about rock/soil types and rock permeability, and paleoenvironmental and paleoclimatic circumstances. Most of their landforms can be used as habitats for endangered bird species, which attract several sightseers, an indicative of ecological significance. This excellent karst geodiversity provides an appreciated tool for geotourism and geopark development that is preferred to raise the local economy for populations and reinforce rural growth in neighboring towns and cities. The paper’s findings reveal a comprehensive base for the improvement, planning, and management of the WDNP in order for it to become a geotourism endpoint. Furthermore, they improve the position of the WDNP in the tourist market and contribute to the local maintainable progress via giving socio-economic assistance to the local community for the advancement of geotourism through geoconservation and sustainability. © 2022, The Author(s).
This article examines the Trump Administration's inability to mount a timely and effective response to the COVID-19 outbreak, despite ample warning. Through an empirical exploration guided by three explanatory perspectives—psychological, bureau-organizational, and agenda-political—developed from the strategic surprise, public administration, and crisis management literature, the authors seek to shed light on the mechanisms that contributed to the underestimation of the coronavirus threat by the Trump Administration and the slow and mismanaged federal response. The analysis highlights the extent to which the factors identified by previous studies of policy surprise and failure in other security domains are relevant for health security. The paper concludes by addressing the crucial role of executive leadership as an underlying factor in all three perspectives and discussing why the US president is ultimately responsible for ensuring a healthy policy process to guard against the pathologies implicated in the federal government's sub-optimal response to the COVID-19 crisis. © 2022 The Authors. Public Administration published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Companies that are performing innovation-focused strategies or experiencing digital transformation are exposed to significant long-term risks. The untimely and inefficient management of these risks leads to the destruction of the company’s value and calls into question its survival. This is often underpinned by companies following strategic management with a short-term horizon. Such “strategic myopia” prevents timely identification and treatment of strategic risks and destroys value due to physical and intellectual capital investment restrictions. However, the existing mechanisms of setting up risk management architecture neither addresses the lengths of the horizon and the alignment of the horizon with the strategic objectives, state of the environment and stakeholder expectations nor provides the tools for evaluating the horizon of the firm’s strategy. Moreover, existing systems of evaluating short-termism rely only on financial and governance metrics and do not address environmental and social factors. We closed these gaps and developed a strategic risk-controlling mechanisms to set up the risk management architecture that expanded “conventional” risk management analysis and addressed the “strategic myopia”. We also worked out the critical tool of the mechanism—the system of key risk metrics (SKRI) aimed at assessing the degree of a company’s following of long-term strategic orientation. Finally, we tested it on a sample of Russian non-financial companies. Testing results revealed a strong and positive correlation between the management’s decision to follow a long-term strategic focus and the growth of companies’ long-term value (measured by economic value added (EVA)). SKRI can be utilized in strategic risk controlling to assess the company’s propensity to follow a short-term horizon, evaluate its ability to maintain sustainable value creation, and develop recommendations to stakeholders to expand its strategic focus. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: In the current urban and increasingly digital/information era, the service of property management towards residents is of key importance to the well-being of society, which is especially well reflected in its role during the COVID-19 pandemic in China. However, professional knowledge management (KM) has yet to be applied to the daily operation of the property management companies in this sector. The authors posit that introduction of KM concepts to property management at this time would significantly help facilitate the transition of traditional property management towards a higher and more effective value-added service model. From the perspective of KM, this study aims to offer both a theoretical and practical analysis of such a novel business model for companies in the property management industry. Design/methodology/approach: Given the current status quo of property management, the authors integrate theories from both KM and information-digital management to qualitatively analyse the challenges and difficulties companies are facing and importantly offer practical suggestions for the centralization, digital-information platform establishment and service innovation. Findings: Following the analysis of KM and digital-information modeling, the authors identify three main challenges facing property management services offered in the current digital society including market fragmentation, lack of digital platforms and the absence of a unitary service model. Therefore, the authors propose strategic solutions to resolve these aforementioned problems. Specifically, the authors suggest centralizing property management service, the establishment of a KM-based digital platform and the upgrading of the service model, towards offering a new impetus for the development of companies in property management. Research limitations/implications: The authors offer essential guidelines derived from knowledge and information management and explore their implications both from a theoretical, as well as pragmatic/practical perspective that overall would support property management companies’ crucial transition from the traditional service model to a more digital-based foundation, and hence, provide a higher value-added service for the residents. Originality/value: The current study is one of the first attempts to analyse property management services from the perspective of KM with digital transformation enabling its transition to an information-based internet of things infrastructure. The study not only offers practical guidance to the business of property management but importantly, also contributes to the theoretical underpinnings of KM especially as related to secure serviceability, well-being, security and efficiency of the residential environment by integrating people, place, process and technology. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In this study, we present a strategic change theoretical model and empirically validate it in the context of inter-governmental organizations. We followed a survey methodology approach and tested our model hypotheses using exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis. Traditional strategic management models were created primarily with the private sector in mind. Therefore, validation of the model constructs for their appropriateness to the present construct is essential, especially that these types of organizations, such as those of the United Nations agencies, face major challenges when it comes to change. We found significant re-groupings of items, leading to the necessity to reformulate the constructs, as the context of our study is significantly different. We found that institutional pressures have a significant influence on strategic change and were mediated by strategic formulation. We also found that strategic pressures did not have any influence on strategic intent. Our research theoretical model and results provide many insights to future research directions and inter-governmental organizational practitioners who are engaged in change management. © 2022 by the authors.
Sobha watershed, located in the Puruliya district of West Bengal, India, is experiencing severe soil erosion due to specific geo-environmental settings and unscientific land practices. It poses serious threats to agricultural and natural resource development, resulting in land degradation and desertification. This study attempts to identify soil erosion susceptible zones (SESZ) of the Sobha watershed by utilising remote sensing and GIS data products in different machine learning algorithms i.e., Support Vector Machine (SVM), Classification and Regression Tree (CART), Boosted Regression Tree (BRT), and Random Forest (RF)) considering sixteen soil erosion controlling factors (SECFs). In addition, the efficiency of the chosen machine learning models was evaluated using known soil erosion and non-erosion data. The results showed that elevation, drainage density (DD), and normalised difference vegetation index (NDVI) factors contribute the most to soil erosion. The ROC (receiver operating curve) AUC (area under the curve) is used to compare each model, and it was reveals that the RF model performed and predicted the best among them. However, all the models exhibit an outstanding capacity with AUC >85% (RF = 0.97, BRT = 0.96, SVM = 0.95, and CART = 0.88). The RF model results show that the Northeastern portion of the catchment (upper part) is most vulnerable to erosion, and about 14.48% of the basin areas are under the severe erosion zone. Thereby, the findings based on machine learning algorithms and intensive field visits are utilised to assess the soil erosion risk zones, and this work will give insight into implementing suitable policies to mitigate this issue. Furthermore, the approaches utilised in this study could be useful in predicting soil erosion risk in other regions as well. In addition, the study has also recommended some appropriate policies and management approaches that would be immensely useful for the local government and policymakers in initiating strategic planning to combat soil erosion. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: This study aims to investigate the relationship between organizational design elements (i.e. quality of management accounting skills and performance management system, PMS), management accounting practice (MAP) sophistication and organizational competitiveness using the Global Management Accounting Principles (GMAP) framework. Design/methodology/approach: Survey data was obtained through a structured questionnaire from 131 Nigerian firms. Measures of the quality of management accounting skills, robustness of PMS structure, MAP sophistication and organizational competitiveness were derived from the GMAP framework. Structural equation modelling was applied to explore the complexity of relationship among variables. Findings: While the quality of management accounting skills was found to have a positive but insignificant impact on MAP sophistication, the impact of PMS structure on MAP sophistication was positive and significant. MAP sophistication has a positive impact on organizational competitiveness, but the magnitude of its contribution appears to depend on the quality of management accounting skills and the robustness of PMS structure. The inability of MAP sophistication to exert much influence on organizational competitiveness is attributable to the low contribution of management accounting skills. The result supports the proposition that performance is optimized when all organizational design elements are concurrently improved. Practical implications: The study shows that organizations need to critically look into the quality of skills possessed by personnel in the accounting function, as all organizational design elements must be given equal importance to achieve the best results. Originality/value: The study contributes to knowledge by investigating the quality of management accounting skills and the robustness of PMS as organizational design elements affecting MAP and organizational competitiveness using the GMAP framework. The study operationalizes some elements of the GMAP framework by developing measurements that can be used by future studies. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This paper examined ten main components of a nautical destination and the level of satisfaction with them by the nautical tourists visiting Montenegro. The goal is to propose the strategic management directions for sustainable development of Montenegro as an attractive, new Adriatic and Mediterranean nautical destination. A sample of 609 nautical tourists was examined on different dimensions of Montenegro as a destination; their obtained responses used exploratory factor analysis. All categories of respondents expressed the greatest level of satisfaction with the natural beauties of Montenegro, while being least satisfied with the nature protection. Given that strategic decision-makers are still in the process of considering the options for the development of the researched destination, and that foreign investors have recognised its attractiveness, this paper aims to offer to all stakeholders—the central government, local self-governments, investors, managers and tourism organisations—a framework for sustainable nautical destination management. The survey focuses on satisfaction defined quite broadly, since the aim is to gain an insight into crucial elements threatening the destination’s sustainability to be able, in the next steps, to examine the specificities of the problems detected. An added value is the applicability to similar nautical destinations, which very much like Montenegro, invest considerable efforts in boosting the development of this segment of tourism supply. © 2022 by the authors.
Although designing out waste is a core principle of the circular economy, in established companies, waste may not easily be designed out requiring innovation to develop alternative, value creating, uses for the waste material. This article presents a longitudinal, empirical study of the SME Rock Trade Industries, a company focused on sustainability in the quarrying sector, seeking to achieve zero waste of their extracted resource. Capabilities enabling the creation of products from the company's waste are examined through qualitative analysis, within established categories of sensing, seizing and reconfiguration. Our research highlights the importance of capabilities in innovation, experimentation, research and development, and stakeholder connections in reconceptualising waste as a resource. Presenting a model of the capability development over time, we proposed the strength of the desire to create change combined with the deviation of the desired change from the marketplace determine the set of dynamic capabilities required. © 2022 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Precise nutrient diagnosis is the basis of accurate simulation of maize (Zea mays L.) grain yield and high-efficient utilization of resources under the changing climate. However, the combined effects of supplementary irrigation and fertilizer application on plant stoichiometry of various maize cultivars in water-limited and nutrient-deficient regions are still poorly understood. A three consecutive year field experiment (2015−2017) was conducted on two maize cultivars (QL14 and ZD958) in northwest China, with two irrigation treatments (RF: rain-fed and DI: drip irrigation) and two fertilization treatments (F0: no fertilization and F1: local fertilization practice). The results showed that the radiation use efficiency for biomass yield of QL14 with fertilization under drip irrigation was increased by 7.39% than that of ZD958. DI (70.19 kg kg−1) and ZD958 (68.55 kg kg−1) obtained significantly higher physiological efficiency of nitrogen fertilizer than RF (59.52 kg kg−1) and QL14 (61.17 kg kg−1), respectively. Both plant and grain N:P ratios under F1 were higher than those under F0. QL14 had significantly higher grain N:P ratio (4.64) than ZD958 (4.26) under DIF1. Grain yield was increased obviously when grain N:P ratio and plant N:K stoichiometry were greater than 4.0 and 1.2, respectively. The newly released maize cultivar (QL14) was highly recommended as forage and cereal crops, since QL14 obtained significantly higher leaf and stem dry matter even under severe drought and low soil fertility conditions. Our study provides an opportunity to achieve high-yielding maize systems in northwest China and maybe other regions with similar environments, and the data will help inform policies and strategic plans for the effective use of water and fertilizer resources. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
With the increasingly widespread use of drones, there has been a marked increase in occurrences involving restricted area incursions or damage to personnel and property. Ensuring safety, assessing risks, and prioritizing sustainability to improve community acceptance is a major challenge in the development of regulations and safety management strategies. This study combines the fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (FAHP), importance-achievability analysis (IAA), and zero-one goal programming (ZOGP) to develop management strategies for drones, as based on the four pillars of the ICAO Safety Management System (SMS). The top priority strategies were measured through literature review, an expert questionnaire, FAHP, and IAA. ZOGP was further applied to solve the strategies selection problem under resource constraints, such as time, manpower, and budgets. The strategies in the top priority implementation zone with high importance and achievability include setting safety performance targets, ensuring that regulations are in line with international standards, designating testing and certification authorities, and promoting drone education programs. This paper provides a framework for strategic thinking from a macro perspective, and it is expected that this systematic combination method can be extended and applied to strategic management issues in other countries/regions. By verifying priorities and resource constraints, government and industry can make better decisions to set up policies and management strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Research Summary: How does an acquisition initiated by a firm's alliance partner affect the value that the firm can create and capture from its alliance with that partner? We conjecture that the similarity between the businesses of the firm and its partner's acquisition target restricts the firm's ability to create and capture value from its alliance, whereas the complementarity between their businesses enhances the firm's gain from its alliance. We further expect relational embeddedness between the firm and its partner to mitigate the competitive tension associated with similarity while reinforcing synergies ascribed to complementarity. Our analysis of 361 firms and their 590 alliances with 91 partners that acquired 164 targets during 2000–2016 supports our predictions about business similarity and complementarity but refutes those concerning relational embeddedness. Managerial Summary: When a firm's partner engages in an acquisition, this can impact the value of their alliance. We show that when the acquired target competes with the firm, the value of the alliance declines. In turn, when the target and firm's businesses are complementary, the alliance creates more value. We also find that when the firm and the partner had extensive experience working together, this reinforces the negative effect of business similarity with the target, probably because of perceived betrayal and knowledge leakage. Joint experience also reduces the value of complementarity, likely due to the difficulty of modifying collaborative practices. We encourage managers to scrutinize their partners' corporate initiatives, reduce commitment when the partner acquires a competing target, and leverage new complementarities following the partner's acquisitions. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
A number of institutions make reports available regarding the types, impacts, or origins of cybersecurity breaches. The information content of cyber breach reports is examined in light of Principle 15 of the 2017 Committee on Sponsoring Organizations Enterprise Risk Management (COSO ERM) information security control framework to understand the degree to which cyber breach reports reflect the established COSO internal control framework. This study utilizes the COSO ERM internal control framework to examine whether current cyber breach reports contain information that may influence a firm's ability to assess substantial change within its industry due to external forces (COSO ERM Principle 15). As such, this study focuses on data breaches, a special type of cyber incident, which may result in the loss of confidential information. Cyber decision makers rely on this type of information to calibrate information security programs to ensure coverage of relevant threats and the efficient use of available funds. These reports may be used for the purposes of cybersecurity risk assessment and strategic planning. We compare, contrast, and analyzie the reports to identify their utility in such contexts. We also provide an overview of the current cybersecurity reporting environment and suggest revisions to US national cyber policy with the intent of increasing the benefit to reporters and consumers of the data. This study is focused on education as to the current structure of breach reporting based upon our review and synthesis of publicly-available breach reports. In this study, we review nine (9) reports that meet four (4) criteria. We relate these criteria to the framework provided by COSO ERM Principle 15 by analyzing and placing the criteria into a taxonomy developed for this purpose. We analyze the degree to which the reports are complementary, reflect potential improvements of internal controls, and provide recommendations for ways in which these types of reports might be used by practitioners, while highlighting potential limitations. Our findings indicate that the sample reports contain little information that may be incorporated to improve the risk profile of an entity. We provide recommendations to improve the information content and timeliness of breach reports. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Although gender diversity has been an increasingly important criterion for investors screening for environmental, social and governance metrics, it has long been a challenge for the mining sector, given its strong legacy and reverence for masculine identity. Mining has consistently continued to significantly lag other industries and cutting across all levels of employment. Moreover, there is reported evidence of notable variations amongst different regions in the matter of gender diversity adoption. We investigate these issues through a qualitative empirical study of self-reported narratives of the 24 largest mining companies spread across eight regions. We find that stronger gender diversity performance is invariably evidenced in a higher degree of coherence between articulated diversity aspirations and specific diversity initiatives. While this interlinkage is more likely symptomatic than causal, we argue that a commitment to stated position drives strategic action and in turn stronger performance. On the contrary, lack of coherence between aspirations and action is likely reflective of a superficial approach to diversity management that in turn tends to derail the diversity agenda. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The modern business world operates in the VUCA environment or reality; volatility and unpredictability are the only constants in it. It is challenging for entrepreneurs to predict the future, and the tested routines, proven habits, or the developed patterns of action no longer function properly, e.g., the logistic strategy of JIT does not fit the new rules of the business game and begins to be treated as a relic. From a business perspective, this new reality is profoundly changing how enterprises and supply chains operate, as well as how we approach supply chain resilience. As a result, we observe a picture of a highly volatile and unpredictable business environment in which vulnerable supply chains operate. The following research questions were asked in the paper: (1) What are the barriers to realizing the concept of Supply Chain Resilience in the reality of VUCA?; and (2) What can be the lead time for the Supply Chain Resilience in reality VUCA? The article presents the results of an expert study using the Delphi method. High-class experts from the scientific community were selected for the research. The results of the research allowed us to answer the research questions posed. Internal barriers to realizing a resilient supply chain in reality VUCA are listed. Based on the indications of experts, three scenarios have also been developed that relate to the speed of the expected lead time of a resilient supply chain, in fact, VUCA. Further research directions on the resilience of supply chains have also been marked out. © 2022 by the authors.
Understanding the dynamics of woody species diversity is the foundation for designing sustainable biodiversity management strategies. Despite an extensive history of cross-sectional ecological studies, scientific gen on the dynamics of woody species diversity over time and space is rare and mostly unexplored in the last remaining Eastern Afromontane Forests. This study aimed to examine the spatial and temporal dynamics of woody species composition, structure, and diversity in the Sheka Forest Biosphere Reserve (SFBR). Data were collected from a total of 43 permanent plots with a dimension of 10 m × 50 m that were laid along the altitudinal gradient. In both 2000 and 2021, the same permanent plots were used and the same approach was followed. Diversity indices and Wilcoxon paired-sample test were employed for the comparison of changes. One hundred one woody species that belong to 84 genera and 41 families and 62 woody species that belong to 54 genera and 32 families were recorded in 2000 and 2021, respectively. During the present study, 47 woody species from the 2000 inventory list including three endemics were not encountered, while eight new species were recorded. The aggregated density and total basal area of woody species decreased from 2590 ± 536 ha−1 to 2454 ± 300 ha−1, and 101.3 m2ha−1 to 72m2ha−1, respectively. The dominant woody species was Ficus sur in 2000, while it was shifted to Coffea arabica in 2021. Woody species richness, evenness, and diversity significantly reduced during the study period. In the mid and lower altitudes with lower slope gradients, where settlement and agricultural expansion were prevalent, the greatest decline in woody species richness, diversity, and evenness, and highest turnover were recorded. Unsustainable use for construction, energy production, creation of job opportunities (income generation), as well as the conversion of forestland to farmland resulted in the rapid decline and massive turnover of woody species diversity. It is important to develop and execute comprehensive sustainable forest management strategies, which include diversification of energy sources and use of energy-saving technologies, strengthening tree planting and management practices for household use and income generation, and diversification of eco-friendly livelihood options. The conservation of endemic and priority species is indispensable to maintaining ecosystem integrity and species diversity. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Marine shipping is a high-risk mode of transportation in a complex environment. Most risk analyses of marine shipping are based on historical accident statistics or expert opinions rather than available evidences that reflect more realistic scenarios. In this paper, an evidence-based Fuzzy Bayesian Network approach was proposed to construct probabilistic models of marine accidents. Marine accident reports from 2001 to 2020 were utilized to build causal networks from a systematic perspective. The quantitative relationships of contributing factors in the accident networks were evaluated by experts with different backgrounds. The reliability of the Fuzzy Bayesian Networks of accidents was also verified by three axioms. The results of the sensitivity analysis revealed that distraction, heavy weather, inadequate safety/risk awareness, and maintenance failure are closely related to a majority of high-consequence marine accidents. In particular, the occurrence of heavy weather has a relatively higher impact on contact, flooding/foundering, and grounding. Overall, this paper contributes to a practical direction of ocean and coastal shipping safety management strategies and the quantitative effects of safety measures considering the allocation of limited resources. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Realisation of the sustainable development goals (SDGs) will provide improvements to people's lives and longevity of the planet. The architectural, engineering and construction (AEC) sectors have a potentially huge role in aiding the delivery of many SDGs; however, there appears to be a lack of research into the engagement within this sector. The leading environmental management system (EMS), ISO 14001, can enable organisations in the AEC sectors to improve their business operations, whilst minimising their impacts on the environment and improving society. Therefore, the study sets out to use institutional theory to determine the usefulness of ISO 14001 as a tool within the AEC sector and to demonstrate how the organisational benefits could facilitate the delivery of the SDGs. A stepwise PRISMA review process facilitated the compiling of academic articles and professional reports (n = 44), which enabled the creation of an inventory of the perceived benefits (n = 85) and the recognised barriers (n = 63) to implementing ISO 14001 across the AEC sectors. These barriers and benefits were confirmed by environmental practitioners as being relevant to the incorporation of an EMS. The most widely reported benefits within the AEC sectors were improving environmental performance and compliance with legislation. Lack of government pressure and lack of expertise were the most widely reported barriers, followed by cost to AEC organisations utilising an EMS. Following on from this inventory of benefits, it was possible to develop of a conceptual roadmap, which illustrates where linkages exist with the SDGs. SDG 4, 8, 12 and 13 are shown as exhibiting the most associations with the benefits. This roadmap was reviewed by AEC sector professionals who confirmed its usefulness. Therefore, it is surmised that the roadmap could aid strategic organisational sustainable planning or for organisations to demonstrate the delivery of their corporate social responsibilities. © 2021, The Author(s).
Despite the increasing number of companies deploying big data analytics (BDA) in corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities, few studies have investigated how the use of BDA in CSR activities affects CSR performance. Drawing on the resource-based view, we propose that the impact of BDA use in CSR initiatives (BDA-enabled CSR) on CSR performance depends on a firm's ability to provide data-driven insights through big data management and big data analytics (big data analytics capability, BDAC). We further show that the positive interaction effect of BDA-enabled CSR and BDAC on CSR performance is pronounced in the CSR performance categories of environmental impact, employee relations, product safety, and corporate governance, but not in community relations, human rights, and workplace diversity. This study contributes to BDA literature as well as CSR literature by empirically demonstrating how BDA-enabled CSR and BDAC influence CSR performance. This study provides practical implications to strategy managers, social entrepreneurs, venture capitalists or investors, and policy makers. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Airmic, the UK's association for risk professionals, conducted a meeting of its Enterprise Risk Management Special Interest Group in June 2020, and a survey of risk professionals in August 2020, which found that the pandemic had amplified the challenges of a siloed approach to Business Continuity Management and Crisis Management. They have clearly highlighted the disconnect between strategic risk on the one hand and operational resilience and response on the other. Crisis management and business continuity need to adapt, to better meet the challenges posed by systemic crises such as the Covid-19 pandemic. The trajectory of the pandemic—as a crisis—will likely continue over several years; yet, the initial responses had been largely focused on the near- and shorter term. It is more difficult to look long term when the crisis timeline loops back because of further waves of the pandemic. Our findings indicate that the pandemic has modified crisis and business continuity thinking, and that organizations are actively reviewing and changing their strategic approach to resilience. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
In its 31st year, the Business Information Review Survey captures insights from conversations with leading information managers in the UK. The participants include class leading information services leaders from a range of sectors, including financial services, law, professional services, manufacturing, health and biomedical. The conversations took place in the first and second quarters of 2022. They covered corporate structure, the operating environment, staffing trends, the impact of technology, content delivery, vendor and client engagement. Respondents were also invited to share their strategic priorities for 2022 and 2023. Due to the quality and volume of information gathered, the survey is broken down into two parts. Part I introduces the survey, provides a detailed insight into the methodology, a high level summary of the participants, and detailed insights into the organisational structure, operating conditions and current staffing trends. © The Author(s) 2022.
Purpose: The purpose of this systematic review is to summarize the possible organizational outcomes related to knowledge management capabilities (KMCs). It aims at offering the modern-day dynamic organizations a path, through which they can utilize KMC at hand for gaining competitive advantage and positive organizational outcomes. The review is based on previous studies in the field of knowledge management and explains how KMCs are associated with various organizational outcomes. Design/methodology/approach: A systematic approach was utilized to collect, examine, interpret and synthesize researches regarding KMCs and their usefulness for various organizational outcomes. The meta-synthesis method was adopted to review 106 research papers after careful selection. Findings: It was evident from this integrated review that KMCs help in promoting organizational effectiveness, innovative ability, organizational change, value creation, competitive advantage, organizational learning and performance. Furthermore, the current review suggests research avenues and knowledge gaps in current literature to provide future researchers unique research opportunities. Originality/value: The review revealed a profound opinion that organizations have to develop an optimal mix of KMCs to achieve better organizational outcomes. The study identified how KMCs set a basis and build positive support to enhance the key organizational outcomes such as organizational effectiveness, innovative ability, organizational change, value creation, competitive advantage, organizational learning and performance. However, cooperation bias is one of the most considerable limitations in research studies included in this systematic literature review. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Disruption in many supply chains has shown the vulnerability of global supply networks, especially resource-intensive ones, due to the simultaneous effects of pandemics and geopolitical crises. Reshoring and nearshoring strategies are the possible responses of manufacturing companies to disruptions in order to adapt to unforeseen events. The supply chain for the Italian ceramic sector, which is characterized by a high intensity of natural and energy resource consumption and a sourcing system with a high geopolitical risk, is examined in this study. The functional decomposition technique was used to analyze the supply chain; then, three scenarios were developed as potential remedies for the unexpected termination of Ukrainian plastic clay supply. The study also showed that complex issues require multifaceted analysis approaches, which is why a transdisciplinary approach was chosen. In addition, the analysis of the ceramic industry showed that nearshoring and reshoring strategies can reduce supply risk and have a positive impact on the environment. The study also showed how bringing extraction sources closer to factories significantly reduces CO2 emissions to the atmosphere from transportation. The main contribution of this paper is the analysis of the complexity of supply chains in times of disruption, configuring reshoring and nearshoring options through transdisciplinarity. © 2022 by the authors.
To improve the performance of powertrain configuration and heuristic strategy used in electric commercial vehicles currently for complex traffic scenarios, we propose a blended optimal rule extraction method for a novel hybrid dual-motor transmission (hDMT) system. Dynamic programming (DP) is applied to determine the optimal working points on the real-world cycles. However, it is challenging to extract online rules in real-time due to overlapping working points induced by compound running conditions. To create a trade-off between optimum and practicability, a novel blended optimal rule extraction method of energy management strategy is proposed for the integrated powertrain system. To be specific, DP is applied offline to find optimal working points from compound running scenarios. Then, a self-organizing feature map (SOM) is utilized to classify overlapped working points with reference to the characteristics of sample points. To solve the over-classification issue, the recursive k-means method is used to cluster the best matching unit generated by SOM. Based on the above, the optimal strategy is developed systematically and implemented online. Furthermore, the hardware-in-the-loop experiments and simulation results demonstrate that the proposed powertrain configuration and method can improve the economic performance of EVs. The online performance of the blended optimal strategy is highly consistent with the simulation, which can reduce energy consumption by 29.02% compared to the preliminary strategy. Compared with traditional powertrain configuration, the hDMT system also has better energy-saving potential. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
While managerial mobility is ubiquitously seen as an integral part of the success in firms’ internationalization, discerning its empirical merits has been impaired by the paucity of quasi-experimental evidence, or adequate instrumental variables. To overcome these objective limitations, this paper proposes a novel identification strategy, which uses a control function based on on-the-job search theory to correct estimates for the presence of self-selected mobility flows. Our analysis confirms the finding that managers’ specific market experience matters for firms’ internationalization, especially when it derives from longer tenures at the former jobs. Regarding the attributes of managerial knowledge, our results reveal that on-the-job earned experience is at least as effective for firms’ internationalization as in born knowledge (i.e. origins) and that managers’ personal network of customers is an important asset in managers’ fund of expertise for the expansion into new markets. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Securing an adequate supply of dispatchable resources is critical for keeping a power system reliable under high penetrations of variable generation. Strategic reserves have been used by a range of jurisdictions to procure investment in additional generation reserves given the missing money problem in energy only market designs. Given the growing flexibility and heterogeneity of load enabled by advancements in distributed resource and control technology, strategic reserve procurement needs to be able to reflect the different preferences of energy consumers. To address this challenge this paper develops an insurance risk mechanism for the procurement of strategic reserves that is adapted to a future with variable generation and flexible demand. The proposed design introduces a central insurance scheme with prudential requirements that align diverse consumer reliability preferences with the financial objectives of an insurer-of-last-resort. We illustrate the benefits of the scheme in (i) differentiating load by usage to enable better management of the system during times of extreme scarcity, (ii) incentivizing incremental investment in generation infrastructure that is aligned with consumer reliability preferences and (iii) improving overall reliability outcomes for consumers. © 2022 The Author(s)
This research paper analyzes the key influences of external disruptions on the business sustainability of medium-sized manufacturing companies operating in Serbia. This paper explores the strategic management of massive external disruptions (such as the global pandemic in 2020) and unveils key correlations between internal and external influences. The quantitative part of this research includes two phases; the first was conducted in 2019, with predictions made in the pre-pandemic period, and the second phase was conducted in 2022 by comparing the predictions with actual business results. Existing theoretical research has already identified many weaknesses, including how strategic business outlooks (in relation to economic downturns and bottlenecks within supply chains) influence the success of medium-sized companies, as well as internal factors, such as strategic management and the flexible adjustment of business plans. Taking into account that the whole world is still recovering after the pandemic, the empirical research conducted on 580 Serbian companies sheds light on how the pandemic disruption has affected businesses. As business plans relate to forecasted revenue, profit margins and investment effects, the main results of this study confirm that predicted business results are significantly influenced by supply chain disruptions, negatively affecting companies relying on the import of raw material and companies that have widely internationalized their sales efforts. © 2022 by the authors.
As a country with not only significant production potential but also fragmented land ownership, the Kyrgyz Republic struggles with environmental efficiency, which is a strategic element of environmental management in agricultural production. The objective of this study was to assess the environmental efficiency of sheep’s wool when used as a fertilizer in bean production in northern Kyrgyzstan. In this study, the efficiency indicator was taken to be GHG emissions per functional unit of product, using a proprietary methodology for calculating GHG emissions to determine the true value of this material as a source of soil nutrients and organic matter. Two experimental factors were used in the experiment: fertilizer type and fertilizer rate. Fertilization with sheep wool resulted in a 15% higher bean yield compared to when fertilized with mineral fertilizers at a comparable rate, converted to pure nitrogen. By using sheep wool as a source of mineral nutrients for the plants, the carbon footprint was reduced by almost 10% compared to a facility with mineral fertilization. Therefore, the use of sheep wool as a source of plant nutrients is environmentally justified. © 2022 by the authors.
Growth from a small-scale venture to a medium-sized company entails different challenges and strategies to tackle them. This case provides an account of one such company operating in the pharmaceutical sector of Pakistan. International Collaborated Unit Pharma (ICU Pharma) started in 2005 in the small town of Dera Ghazi Khan, in the province of Punjab, as a distributor of Ferozsons (Private) Ltd, a leading pharmaceutical manufacturer in Pakistan. Going through various phases of growth and strategic shifts, it had become a well-established company by 2019, with PKR 200 million net worth and a sales network covering thirty-four districts in Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Sindh provinces. In 2018, the company faced a growth dilemma when, despite the growing demand for its products, it had to curtail sales growth and divert resources towards building a manufacturing facility in Lahore. This case illustrates how industry growth, country-level initiatives for the implementation of Sustainable Development Goals on Health (SDG No. 3), policies of the Drug Regulation Authority of Pakistan (DRAP), weak contract enforcement in Pakistan and threats from suppliers, along with other external forces, constrained a company’s decision to opt for a backward integration strategy instead of going for the more plausible strategy of product and market development. © 2022 Lahore University of Management Sciences.
Using publications in the Web of Science database (WoS), this study investigates the research collaboration on the top 95 most researched global river basins since 1900. The links of both the disciplines involved and the management issues studied between the biophysical, economic, societal, climatic and governance sub-systems of these river basins were examined. We found that research collaborations were dominated within the biophysical sub-system (65.3%) since the knowledge predevelopment period (1900–1983), with continuous increases (by 18.5%) during the rapid development (1984–2000) and the stabilisation (12.9% increase) (2001–2017). However, research collaborations related to the societal sub-system remained marginalised (varied at about 1%), while those related to the governance sub-system expanded in issues studied (32.8%) but were not supported by the core governance disciplines (3.4%). The key findings explained why global river basins are degraded from the perspective of knowledge development and they can assist the strategic planning and management of scientific research for improving governance capacity in modifying the relationship between human and nature on river basins in the Anthropocene. Tackling challenges in the Anthropocene requires transformation of the current pattern of knowledge development, a revolution in the governance of science. © 2022, The Author(s).
Purpose: This study investigates how the combined effects of big data ability and CRM capability could impact on an organization's strategic sales performance (SSP), and how the leadership support (LS) could moderate the relationships between SSP with CRM capability and customer retention ability. Design/methodology/approach: Having inputs from the literature and resource-based view (RBV) theory, a model has been developed conceptually. The conceptual model was validated statistically using the partial least squares structural equation modeling (SEM) technique with 317 responses. Findings: The study found that organizations' big data analytics (BDA) capability, along with customer relationship management (CRM) capability, positively and significantly impacts organizations' SSP. Also, the study found that LS has a moderating impact on organizations' SSP. Research limitations/implications: The study cannot be generalizable, as it is cross-sectional in nature. Also, the sample size for statistically validating the model is 317, which is not large enough to generalize the study findings. The study has used only five constructs and one moderator. With more constructs and other moderators, the boundary conditions of the model could have been increased, which could result a better explanative power of the model. Practical implications: This study shows that organizations' big data and CRM capabilities are important for their SSP; therefore, managers must ensure that their organization has appropriate big data and CRM capabilities. Also, the study shows the significance of LS to increase the SSP of their organizations. Thus, organizational leadership must support big data and CRM-related capabilities and ensure employees are appropriately trained to successfully use these capabilities. Originality/value: Only a limited number of studies are available on the combined impact of big data capability and CRM capability on an organization's strategic sales. How BDA could help organizations to improve their SSP has not been explicitly studied. The proposed model shows that these capabilities, along with the moderating effects of LS, impact on organizations' SSP. Thus, the proposed theoretical model is a unique model, and the study is novel. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In the emerging platform economy, blockchain technologies are reshaping the digital economy. Moreover, disintermediation and decentralization have broken new ground for platform organizations and management mechanisms and instigated the concept of a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization). Recent literature on operations management has called for further research on governance issues related to DAOs. In response to this call, we explore the relationship between DAO management efforts and platform performance in this study. Specifically, we propose and theoretically articulate decentralized voting tasks in DAOs as a new form of organizing. Harnessing both online and on-chain data from seven sources, we empirically examine how voting task division, task allocation, reward distribution, and information provision affect platform performance in the context of MakerDAO (an Ethereum-based stablecoin issuance platform). Our findings reveal that strategic decisions arrived at through voting have a positive impact on platform operational performance under certain conditions, whereas operational decisions resulting from voting have a negative impact. Moreover, we elucidate the moderating effects of voting task execution characteristics on the relationship between completed decision tasks and operational performance. These findings have important implications from both theoretical and practical perspectives. We also share all the raw data we use to promote the development of blockchain-related empirical research. © 2022 Association for Supply Chain Management, Inc.
Purpose: Given the nature of corona chaos, tech startups confront strategic disorientation; therefore, this study aims to constructively engage with the theory development process in the area of management decision, adopt causal complexity with a configurational approach of McKinsey's 5R paradigm and the Newtonian gravitational field. Design/methodology/approach: This study provides a novel conceptualization of systematic research of explanatory mechanisms for navigating the turbulence and consequences of the COVID-19 crisis. This configurational study shows how European tech startups adopt strategies in addressing COVID-19 challenges successfully. Findings: The analysis reveals configurations that lead to the outcome of the conceptual model, namely, reimagining the equifinal paths to the next normal. The findings suggest that, in navigating the crisis, tech startups are able to seize market opportunities, capture technological opportunities and consolidate their future positions. Research limitations/implications: The principal limitation consists of limited empirical evidence regarding tech startups’ ability to navigate Covid-19 crisis and choose the appropriate path to the next normal. Practical implications: This study enhances European tech startups’ capability to adopt reflexivity and openness while navigating the Covid-19 chaotic context. Furthermore, the study provides a managerial toolkit to guide strategic decisions via deepening their understanding of the new created realities. Originality/value: This study provides a novel conceptualization of systematic research on explanatory mechanisms for navigating the turbulence and consequences of the COVID-19 crisis context. This configurational study shows how European tech startups adopt strategies that address COVID-19 challenges successfully. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Quantifying current carbon emissions their fine scale spatial distribution is necessary to improve carbon emission management, requirements, and emission reduction strategies of key industries. This study established an entity-level model to estimate carbon emissions by combining geographic information of points of interest (POIs) and nighttime light data from Beijing in 2018. The model accounted for the carbon emissions of Beijing's key entities and industries and simulated their spatial distribution. The results showed a good fit between the carbon emissions of the entities and nighttime light brightness values. The 130-m resolution of the urban carbon emission distribution data had a higher spatial simulation accuracy than that of the 1-km Open-Data inventory for anthropogenic carbon dioxide (ODIAC) data. Through the lens of urban functional areas, the average value of carbon emissions was highest in commercial areas and lowest in public management and service areas, at 78,840.11 tC/km2 and 6844.79 tC/km2, respectively. In terms of the industrial sector, the transportation industry had the highest carbon emissions, with a total of 31.86 Mt., while non-metal mining and oil and gas extraction had almost no energy consumption, with total carbon emissions of 1.38 Mt. The spatial clustering results showed that the distribution of carbon emissions in Beijing had a significant positive spatial correlation; forming high-high aggregation clusters dominated by the city center and major business districts and a low-low aggregation clusters dominated by the city's suburban areas. The simulation model clearly reflected the fine scale characteristics of carbon emissions, in terms of their quantity and spatial distribution. Results obtained in this study can aid relevant departments to formulate appropriate strategies for collectively guiding industrial enterprises towards carbon neutrality. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Conservation of greenbelts is the most enduringly successful and popular basic need for today to protect green land, preserve ecological landscape and open green spaces or gardens in urban fringes. Developing countries like Pakistan need to generate a wide range of strategic policies for the limitation of urban sprawl and construction of green structures to achieve sustainable green development. The research method was focused on a survey study regarding conservation of greenbelts with their significant impacts on environment, commercial market and the business community itself in the City of Peshawar, Pakistan. The study was projected mainly through an adapted questionnaire (n = 200) and then analyzed through Statistical Package for Social Sciences applying chi-square test and cross-tables, graphs, frequencies and percentages. The study highlighted the deterioration of greenbelts’ infrastructure system smashed possibly with improper developmental plans inside the urban fringes and inadequate maintenance of green structures. Opinion measures reported improved environmental and psychological paybacks, i.e., development of strong human senses to release stress and purify air, and several other benefits (a healthy, green, noise and pollution-free environment). The percentage swift urban sprawl and commercialization are the main causes of greenbelt deterioration and uplift of urban property costs. On the other hand, lack of spaces for greenbelts is a major cause for non-availability of facilities like sitting areas, walking track, trees, streetlights and car parking area. Qualitative surveillance based on conservation of greenbelts in an urban area revealed significant impacts on the environment, commercial marketing and the business community itself. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Consecutive measurements of ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5) from February 2016 to April 2018 have been performed at four representative sites of Beijing to evaluate the impact of “2 + 26” regional strategies implemented in 2017 for air quality improvement in non-heating period (2017NH) and heating period (2017H). The decrease of PM2.5 were significant both in 2017NH (20.2% on average) and 2017H (43.7% on average) compared to 2016NH and 2016H, respectively. Eight sources were resolved at each site from the PMF source apportionment including secondary nitrate, traffic, coal combustion, soil dust, road dust, sulfate, biomass/waste burning and industrial process. The results show that the reductions of industrial process, soil dust, and coal combustion were most effective among all sources at each site after the regional strategies implementation with the large reductions in potential source areas. The decrease of coal combustion in 2017NH were larger than 2017H at all sites while that of soil dust and industrial sources were the opposite. Insignificant reduction of coal combustion contribution at the suburban site in the heating period indicated that rural residential coal burning need further control. The industrial source control in the suburbs were least effective compared with other districts. Traffic was the largest contributer at each site and control of traffic emissions were more effective in 2017H than 2017NH. The local nature and increase of biomass/waste burning contributions emphasized the effect of fireworks and bio-fuel use in rural areas and incinerator emissions in urban districts. Secondary nitrate and sulfate were mainly impacted by the regional transport from southern adjacent areas and favorable meteorological conditions played an important part in the PM2.5 abatements of 2017H. Secondary nitrate became a more major role in the air pollution process because of the larger decrease of sulfate. Finally suggestions for future control are made in this study. © 2022
This study seeks to address the issue of the development factors influencing technological entrepreneurship capabilities of enterprises during the COVID-19 epidemic crisis. This research is particularly relevant in light of the leading role given to innovation and science-oriented technology companies in the economic and epidemiological crisis. This study aims to analyze the impact of the changing environment on the predictors of technological entrepreneurship, assess their impact by the management practice and establish a causal relationship between the used variables. The paper draws on foreign literature review, covering fundamental theoretical fields in international management literature, to develop an integrated research framework. Based on a differentiated approach, the collaborative framework emphasizes a range of network processes and attributes, their interactions and moderating managerial relationships related to their impact on companies’ technological entrepreneurship capabilities and their contribution to business outcomes. The study was conducted by means of four-wave research. The factors of models included in the correlation analysis are management functions and demand for new technology. Results show that there is a weak positive relationship between management functions and manager’s technological preferences. These findings show that during COVID-19, firms changed their management practices using digitalization to respond to the pandemic. Additionally, it shows that managers moved towards employing new technologies as a strategic response to the crisis. The results showed a mutual, two-way relationship between the demand for new technology and managers from the planning area, high level scientifically and managers with managerial functions, a quick diffusion of technological innovations and managers with the motivating function, a short lifecycle of products and processes and managers from the short lifecycle of products and processes. Taking into consideration that technology entrepreneurship and innovation are facets of the innovative entrepreneur sector, the need for a holistic approach is needed to support their development during the international economic crisis. The next practical implication derived from the crisis may hinder the ability of entrepreneurs to discover new opportunities for technology development. Moreover, an epidemic shock such as COVID-19 may have an impact on technology entrepreneurial opportunities. This article presents a new look at the theory of management by using the implementation role of predictors of the growth of technological entrepreneurship during the epidemic crisis. In addition, the article obviously contributes to the technology entrepreneurship literature by providing an empirical study that advances a new perspective on the process of developing new technologies in the period of crisis. © 2022 by the author.
Purpose: A balanced scorecard (BSC) is an applied tool for implementing strategic management in various organizations. Implementing strategic management using the BSC approach has not received much attention in pharmacy departments. This study aims to provide a model for the strategic management of pharmacy departments using the BSC framework. Design/methodology/approach: This experimental study was conducted from 2015 to 2018 in a 300-bed hospital and regional healthcare centers affiliated with the Petroleum Industry Health Organization in Tehran province, Iran. After carefully reviewing the organization's mission and vision, the strategic objectives were determined via the internal matrix and the external matrix (IE matrix), and the strengths–weaknesses–opportunities–threats matrix (SWOT matrix) were examined. Then, six BSC measures and interventions were identified, and each was examined from the perspectives of finance, patient satisfaction, internal processes and learning/growth. Finally, the proposed strategy was evaluated. Findings: Results showed significant increases in patient satisfaction and gross profit. The observed increase range, from 0.09 to 0.29, indicates more effective operational management for optimal resource utilization. In addition, the pharmacy department was able to save US $539,137 by implementing prepared protocols for expensive medications. Similarly, the pharmacy department saved $442,899 during the two years of our strategic management plan by implementing the standard mechanism for returning unused medications to the pharmacy department after patients were discharged from various treatment units. Originality/value: This study is among the first studies to demonstrate the simultaneous development, implementation and evaluation of the proposed strategy using the BSC in a pharmacy department in a public healthcare center. The BSC application improved the optimal use of resources and reduced costs while increasing patient satisfaction. It appears that the application of such an intervention may be as valuable to public pharmacies as it is to other private centers. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In this research, a new method to determine the supply chain performance based on its sustainable strategies is proposed. This method consists of a balanced scorecard, path analysis, and hybrid Shapley value and Multimoora method. The main contribution of this research is to design an intelligent performance evaluation system for different supply chains. In this intelligent performance evaluation method, first, a set of strategies are determined through the balanced scorecard, next, by applying the path analysis method, the best strategic paths are specified, and then the Shapely value of the listed paths is calculated. Among these, five with the highest Shapley value are selected through the hybrid Dematel-based analytical network process and Multimoora method. This method is implemented in the petrochemical supply chain in Iran, and the results are analyzed. This application revealed that the best policy in organizational–operational management optimization is subject to applying this up-to-date technological apparatus at its best. In this approach, the production and delivery time cycle would be reduced. This intelligent system reduces production costs as well. The findings here can be applied in any industry of concern as to improve operations. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Acknowledging the importance of capabilities for growth and the non-linearity of young technology-based firms' (YTBFs’) growth trajectories, we adopt a dynamic-states perspective to investigate how YTBFs can leverage internal capabilities to enable the critical transitions of their dynamic growth process. We suggest that such transitions are characterized by three inherent types of challenges—entrepreneurial, orchestration, and legitimation challenges—that YTBFs are confronted with throughout this process. Given common liabilities of smallness, newness, and volatility these firms face, we argue that YTBFs can benefit from a better understanding of which capabilities are critical for, and what role they may play in, tackling these challenges. Using a qualitative, systematic combining approach we find six growth-enabling capabilities: learning, absorptive, adaptive, networking, innovation, and individual capabilities. Although each is equally important for enabling dynamic growth transitions, the importance of a capability for a YTBF depends on where and how it is positioned in its growth process. Our study contributes to the strategic entrepreneurship literature by isolating and exploring how and when growth-enabling capabilities are relevant to YTBFs and how they can be applied. We develop a comprehensive framework to illustrate these relations and provide practical implications for YTBF managers. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The aim of the work is to develop theoretical, methodological, and applied foundations and practical recommendations for managing strategic changes in personnel resistance to open innovations in companies. The following special methods were used in the research process: Comparative and economic-statistical analysis—to assess the level of unique, threshold, and average opportunities for resistance to changes in open innovation; ranking—to assess the development of corporate culture. The main method of study was expert evaluation through questionnaires. The experts were middle managers of five branches of international car companies in Poland: Fiat, Opel, Toyota, Volkswagen, and Volvo. The reason for choosing these companies is that they collectively occupy 85% of the Polish automotive market. Resistance to open innovations usually arises at the individual level of personnel and is addressed through informational and motivational measures. According to the study, the threat to strategic change management in companies is system resistance for Opel and Toyota. This allowed us to draw a conclusion on the development of a predominantly fiduciary corporate culture, which minimizes the resistance to open innovation in companies. Approbation of the approaches of the companies under study proved that in the current conditions, there is a combination of different types of strategies. Recommendations regarding the choice of change strategies are substantiated for all the companies under study. © 2022 by the authors.
The emigration of doctors from Nigeria has been on the increase in recent years, with no obvious efforts to manage or mitigate the negative impacts of this growing trend on the already weak health system. This study assessed the emigration intentions of doctors undergoing residency training at the premier tertiary healthcare center in Nigeria and the factors that influence these intentions. This mixed-method study was cross-sectional in design. A semi-structured questionnaire was used to identify the factors that influence the emigration intentions of resident doctors at the University College Hospital, Ibadan, Southwest Nigeria. In-depth interviews (IDIs) were also conducted to further explore the push and pull factors identified from the survey and their migration preferences. A total of 244 resident doctors completed the questionnaires and 10 participated in the IDIs. Overall, 57.4% of the respondents had emigration intentions and 34.8% had made various attempts at emigrating. Major factors that encouraged resident doctors to emigrate to developed countries included better working and living conditions, good salary and the opportunity for career advancement in destination countries. Family ties was the single most important factor that deterred resident doctors from emigrating. The UK was found to be the top preferred destination. Strategic approaches and multisectoral collaborations will be required to address doctors’ emigration from Nigeria. These efforts should be targeted at not just the health sector but should also include the social and economic aspects of the lives of resident doctors, to improve their living conditions. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
We examine the association between female participation in strategic decision-making roles and corporate social responsibility (CSR) performance using a sample of United States firms from 2001 to 2018. Female participation in strategic decision-making roles is measured using: (i) the female presence in different positions on the board of directors, such as female board member, independent board member, chairperson and audit committee member; and (ii) the female presence in top management roles, such as chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO). We find that female participation in strategic decision-making roles is positively associated with CSR performance. In investigating the ‘tokenism’ aspect of female participation on the board, our results contradict the ‘tokenism’ argument for appointing females to boards, instead supporting their real influence on CSR performance. These findings are important to regulators, policy makers, company management and other stakeholders with an interest in how increased female participation in strategic decision-making roles influences CSR performance. © 2022 The Authors. Accounting & Finance published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Accounting and Finance Association of Australia and New Zealand.
When building new airports various strategies for initiating new air routes prominently affect the overall system performance. From a perspective of disruption management, however, very little is known regarding the impacts of different strategies exerted to the resilience of airline networks in a multi-layer system configuration. In this paper, we established a multi-layer China airline network (CAN) using route data from 46 airlines in mainland China and proposed four optimization strategies for adding new routes based on service-oriented perspectives. The geographical traits of the multi-layer CAN was first explored and, taking the Daxing International Airport (a new-built airport in Beijing, China) as a demonstrative example, we then conducted both qualitative and quantitative analyses to investigate the impact of the proposed strategies and their effectiveness of improving network resilience. It is revealed that those strategies have heterogeneous effects on the network performance in terms of meeting passenger demands and balancing overall connectivity at a national strategic level, and the overall resilience of the CAN could be significantly improved under the selected strategy by 59.8% on average. Based on the findings, several managerial and policy implications are put forward and discussed. This paper sheds new lights on resilience-building strategies for service carriers and airport managers and is also of value to regional governments for offering incentives for expanding connections to new destinations. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This study investigates the South Korean government’s effort to promote macro-level quality development. Using the single case study method, the authors examined 28 empirical studies published for Korean audiences that discussed the quality development initiative in South Korea which occurred between the 1950s and the mid 2010s. The results revealed the Korean government’s unique model for macro-level quality development. Discussed herein is the key strategic approach for the governance of the initiative, its timeline, the innovative policy and administration necessary for sound governance, and the contribution of collaborative partnerships. An investigation into this iterative, macro-level, quality development process in South Korea provides insight into the process of shifting perspective about quality and establishing a culture of continuous quality improvement to gain a competitive edge in the global market. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Research on employee engagement has demonstrated that human resource management (HRM) practices and systems are positively related to employee engagement. However, it is not clear what HRM practices or system of practices is most important for employee engagement or the theoretical mechanisms that intervene and explain the link between HRM and employee engagement. In this paper, I provide answers to these two important questions by developing a model of caring HRM and employee engagement based on the engagement, organizational climate, and strategic HRM literatures. The model indicates that a system of caring HRM practices (job design, training and development, flexible work arrangements, work-life balance, participation in decision making, health and safety, career development, and health and wellness programs) will result in an organizational climate of care and concern for employees that employees will respond to by caring for the organization which they will enact with higher levels of engagement. This model provides many avenues for future research and practice on HRM and employee engagement and introduces the notion of a caring HRM system and an organizational climate of care and concern for employees to the literature on employee engagement. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Many hotels have recently started to offer room upgrades digitally after the completion of booking to replace traditional front-desk upselling during check-in. Quickly becoming popular for upselling the premium rooms that may otherwise go unsold, standby upgrade—an availability-based, discounted premium room upgrade—is a prominent example. However, customers, in particular loyalty members, may become knowledgeable about standby upgrades through repeated interactions with this technology, and act strategically, that is, initially choose a standard room with the expectation of being offered a premium room discount through standby upgrades. Consequently, while enjoying the benefits of this program, hotels may face the potential cannibalization of premium sales due to such strategic behavior and need to adjust their pricing accordingly. Using a major hotel chain's 16-month booking and standby upgrades data, we empirically investigate the existence and extent of strategic customers in the context of standby upgrades. After showing preliminary evidence of potential strategic behavior, we develop a maximum likelihood estimator to estimate the percentage of customers who are strategic. This estimator captures the sequential nature of customer decision-making for standby upgrades (booking decision, clicking the standby upgrades offer, and requesting an upgrade) through a Sequential Logit Model. We find evidence of strategic behavior in three (out of eight) hotels examined. Considering both a weak-form and a strong-form strategic behavior, our estimates suggest that 12%–42% of the loyalty customers act strategically in these three properties. We then propose a new pricing policy to help hoteliers maximize their premium room revenues from direct bookings and standby upgrade requests. This policy recommends a discounted full price, but also a higher standby upgrade price for loyalty customers, which can bring a revenue improvement of up to 19% over a policy ignoring the strategic behavior and 34% over a policy assuming that all customers are strategic—two reasonable benchmarks without an estimate of the fraction of strategic customers. Our research, thus, provides insights for technology managers on the potential customer behavioral challenges that a hotel may face with the adoption of a disruptive digital technology, and how existing policies may need to be adjusted for the technology to be successful. © 2022 Association for Supply Chain Management, Inc.
As the human population increases, the demand for products rises. Mass production and the use of these products cause different kinds of sustainable impacts, such as consumption of local and global non-renewable resources or different types of emissions during each stage of the product life-cycle (PLC). Through a systematic overview of these sustainable impacts during the production planning and controlling (PPC) process, sustainability impacts can be identified and possibly avoided. Identifying sustainability impacts is enabled through current developments for manufacturing and product systems digitalization. Data, information, and knowledge are available from each phase from the PLC and can be used for operational, as well as tactical and strategic production management processes. Companies exist, which are unprepared for the impending changes caused by digitalization and related applications. They do not know what and when to measure, as well as how measured data can be connected and analyzed to create new information and knowledge to meet management requirements. To contribute to this problem, the paper proposes a knowledge framework for the collection of data from different PLC phases, analysis of such data to create information, and generation and collection of knowledge for PPC processes. The knowledge framework seeks to answer the research question, which data, information, and knowledge from different PLC phases can be used in PPC processes to identify and avoid sustainability impacts. For this approach, existing concepts for digitalization (RAMI4.0) and knowledge management (business intelligence) are combined. Moreover, the paper presents a qualitative example using the knowledge framework and considering the problem statement about the environmental effects of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Other sustainability problem statements can be considered too, such as employees’ working conditions. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The fact that geospatial data is a vital international and national resource is gaining increased acceptance worldwide. However, proper management of fundamental geospatial datasets, like land use, determines how well this resource can serve the goals of sustainable development, e.g. achieving inclusive and sustainable urbanization through informed decisions based on up-to-date land use data. Land use data describes the rights to utilize land in accordance with the legal zoning thereof. Allocation of land use rights must align with and give effect to national, provincial and local spatial plans, which means multiple stakeholders are involved in land use regulation. The purpose of this study was to identify and classify the network of stakeholders involved in the land use application process, which results in allocated land use rights. This was done by analysing the South African legal framework for spatial planning and land use management, and to evaluate their a priori influence on this process and on land use data. The results of the stakeholder network analysis can guide the identification of (a) suitable custodian(s) for this fundamental geospatial dataset in the context of the South African Spatial Data Infrastructure (SASDI). Within the SASDI, custodianship is used to ensure availability of good quality geospatial data to empower governments in their planning and decision-making. The average influence of each stakeholder, and as a result their impact on the land use data, was determined based on a classification of roles and responsibilities in the land use application process. The average influence was computed for each sphere of government. The provincial sphere had the highest influence, even though the local sphere has the mandate to allocate land use rights. The national sphere is mainly responsible for strategic direction and implementation support and thus had a significantly lower influence. Based on the results, shared custodianship of land use data in South Africa is recommended among a legislative custodian, coordinating custodians and data custodians. Further research will involve stakeholder representatives to verify the results and to establish multi-stakeholder custodianship roles and responsibilities. © 2022
Purpose: Adopting a public-management perspective, this study aims to conduct a meta-ethnography to discern local government’s role in city hospitality in terms of promoting the welcome the city gives its guests, filling a gap in research into the subject. Design/methodology/approach: The authors used the seven-step iterative approach of Noblit and Hare’s meta-ethnography. By conducting a systematic search in the major bibliographic databases, ten qualitative studies on city hospitality were identified that met the criteria to be included. Concepts alluding to a local government’s role in city hospitality were coded in NVivo 11 software, translated and interpreted through the lens of public management. A total of 14 semi-structured interviews with experts were also conducted to further validate the meta-ethnography findings. Findings: Six interrelated, third-order constructs were developed and conceptualized into an articulated model describing local government’s role in city hospitality from a public-management perspective: advocating, co-creating, strategizing, planning and implementing city hospitality, and promoting it into a sustainable tourism development. The model, also substantiated by expert feedback, describes local government actions to promote city hospitality and achieve sustainable tourism. It highlights a responsive, proactive and collaborative role for local government as a key actor responsible for the strategic management and co-creation of city hospitality. Research limitations/implications: The study introduces public governance cues into a city hospitality context, with theoretical and practical implications for hospitality and tourism researchers, businesses, politicians, public managers, city officials and destination marketing/management practitioners. Originality/value: The study proposes an original conceptual model that serves as an overarching framework and operative tool for understanding and practicing city hospitality in a contemporary public-management perspective. This lays the foundations for the development of a broadened notion of hospitality management, extended from the traditional context of the hospitality industry to that of the city or place. The study also showcases how meta-ethnography can be an effective methodology in business, management and accounting research, within which it is still a novelty. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
A large fraction of population is suffering from waterborne diseases due to the contaminated drinking water. Both anthropogenic and natural sources are responsible for water contamination. Revolution in industrial and agriculture sectors along with a huge increase in human population has brought more amount of wastes like heavy metals, pesticides and antibiotics. These toxins are very harmful for human health, therefore, it is necessary to sense their presence in environment. Conventional strategies face various problems in detection and quantification of these pollutants such as expensive equipment and requirement of high maintenance with limited portability. Recently, nanostructured devices have been developed to detect environmental pollutants. Polymeric nanocomposites have been found robust, cost effective, highly efficient and accurate for sensing various environmental pollutants and this is due to their porous framework, multi-functionalities, redox properties, great conductivity, catalytic features, facile operation at room temperature and large surface area. Synergistic effects between polymeric matrix and nanomaterials are responsible for improved sensing features and environmental adaptability. This review focuses on the recent advancement in polymeric nanocomposites for sensing heavy metals, pesticides and antibiotics. The advantages, disadvantages, operating conditions and future perspectives of polymeric nanocomposites for sensing toxic pollutants have also been discussed. © 2022 The Authors
Resource-based theory (RBT) has been widely used in strategic management, but only few studies apply it in the field of ecotourism. This research examines RBT in national park development in Indonesia in order to develop strategies and increase competitive advantage. Through an assessment using RBT, this study identifies and evaluates the management of Sebangau National Park (SNP) that has been known as one of the peatland national parks in the world and has been managed with the concept of ecotourism. The assessment was conducted on resources and capabilities using the methods of literature study, observations, interviews, and focus group discussions. This qualitative method targeted all actors except tourists, owing to the small sample size and hierarchical nature of the sample [including village heads, local government officials, and non-governmental organization (NGO) leaders]. The result shows that the education and training of human resources at SNP remains focused on conservation issues; consequently, it has been difficult to maximize benefit to society. This study also shows that the challenges facing the development of ecotourism in SNP are interrelated and rooted in the problem of limited resources in the region. This paper makes a theoretical contribution by applying RBT to network-shaped stakeholders. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Excess manure nutrients transported off livestock farms can produce adverse environmental and health effects. Subsurface nitrate attenuation is a set of ecosystem services that livestock farms can harness to reduce their nitrate emissions. However, the capacity of the subsurface environment to attenuate nitrates is commonly either neglected or considered as exogenous to farm management and policymaking. This study develops an integrated model for evaluating the role of nitrate attenuation in reducing nitrate emissions from concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs) and conducts a case study to explore policies that can encourage farmers to take advantage of this role. Four main conclusions arise. First, it is imperative to use integrated dynamic modeling to explore the best strategies and policies for managing nitrate emissions from CAFOs. Second, nitrate attenuation can play a significant role in reducing nitrate emissions from CAFOs. Third, to promote CAFOs to enhance nitrate attenuation for emission reduction, emission-based policies are preferred over input-based policies, in terms of both the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of the policies. Lastly, it is important for a policy design to consider the scales of pollution and to target emissions on a broader scale if possible. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
In developing countries, particularly in agrarian economies like Pakistan, agricultural production is severely affected by successive incidences of adverse catastrophic risks. Inadequate and limited risk management measures from farming community to overcome such severe financial, production, and marketing risks not enough so need of adoption farm-based feasible risk management strategies. In addressing this research gap, this study investigated the potential association and implementing synchronized agricultural credit and diversification adoption to catastrophic risk manage for wheat production in Punjab, Pakistan. The study used the data of 480 wheat farmers’ respondents and employed multinomial and bivariate probit regression models for empirical analysis. Empirical estimates illustrated the significant association in adoption of multiple risk management strategies as addressing the adoption single risk management strategy motivates farmers to adopt another strategy at same time. Furthermore, results also indicated as farmer schooling, age, family return, ownership of land, farm size, and farmer risk oppose character were highlighted the most influenced features for adopting various risk management strategies. Policy makers and state-based authorities can be assisted by these outcomes to evaluating plans of risk management and willingness of farmer in accept government supported regarding implementation of these catastrophic risk managing strategies. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The dilemma between health concerns and the economy is apparent in the context of strategic decision making during the pandemic. In particular, estimating the patient numbers and achieving an informed management of the dilemma are crucial in terms of the strategic decisions to be taken. The Covid-19 pandemic presents an important case in this context. Sustaining the efforts to cope with and to put an end to this pandemic requires investigation of the spread and infection mechanisms of the disease, and the factors which facilitate its spread. Covid-19 symptoms culminating in respiratory failure are known to cause death. Since air quality is one of the most significant factors in the progression of lung and respiratory diseases, it is aimed to estimate the number of Covid-19 patients corresponding to the pollutant parameters (PM10, PM2.5, SO2, NOX, NO2, CO, O3) after determining the relationship between air pollutant parameters and Covid-19 patient numbers in Turkey. For this purpose, artificial neural network was used to estimate the number of Covid-19 patients corresponding to air pollutant parameters in Turkey. To obtain highest accuracy levels in terms of network architecture structure, various network structures were tested. The optimal performance level was developed with 15 neurons combined with one hidden layer, which achieved a network performance level as high as 0.97342. It was concluded that Covid-19 disease is affected from air pollutant parameters and the number of patients can be estimated depending on these parameters by this study. Since it is known that the struggle against the pandemic should be handled in all aspects, the result of the study will contribute to the establishment of environmental decisions and precautions. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Research summary: We claim that, because patent citations influence examiner selection, firms disclose citations strategically to influence which examiner is assigned to their application (“examiner-shopping”). Specifically, firms are more likely to cite patents reviewed by “lenient” examiners in their original information disclosure statement (IDS) (sent before the examiner has been selected), and delay citations to patents reviewed by “tough” examiners to subsequent IDS (sent once the examiner has been selected). We propose this strategy will be implemented by those firms who benefit the most (firms that face patent thickets and are developing high strategic-stakes technologies) but only when the costs are low (when firms face a low probability of patent litigation). We find support to our theory in a sample of 9,763 United States patent and trademark office (USPTO) patent applications during 2000 to 2006. Managerial summary: We find that firms facing patent thickets and developing high strategic stakes technologies try to get more “lenient” examiners to increase the probability of patent approval. The cost of this strategy is that “lenient” examiners usually grant weaker patents that are more likely to be litigated and invalidated. Firms overcome this by using “examiner-shopping” mainly in fields where litigation is relatively infrequent. This behavior has relevant implications: fields where property rights are rarely challenged tend to become “denser” and populated by weaker patents. Our study's discussion of the limitations within the United States patent and trademark office (USPTO) that seem to provide the opportunity to implement “examiner-shopping” strategies provides a path to address this from a policy standpoint. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This study aims to investigate the level of satisfaction of foreign tourists, specifically millennials, based on different dimensions of destination image and the quality of the tourist services in Belgrade, the capital of the Republic of Serbia, as an emerging destination. Despite the tarnished image attached to the city after the Yugoslav Wars and the economic crisis in the 1990s, this emerging destination is becoming more popular among foreign visitors. A sample of 359 international tourists was surveyed. Structural equation modelling was used to test the relationships between the constructs. The results confirmed the positive effects of image and quality on satisfaction as well as a positive and direct effect of image on quality. Moreover, there was a partial mediation of quality between image and satisfaction. The findings have significant marketing and management implications for destination stakeholders. They provide useful insights for choosing effective strategies and an appropriate business tourism model in emerging destinations that can further help them to become more competitive. © 2022 by the authors.
External program manager involvement can provide professional and systematic management services to owners. It can help to manage and coordinate different subprojects and ensure the achievement of the overall strategic goals of large projects. The promotion of external program manager involvement is not only efficiency-driven, but the institutional environment also has a significant impact. This study developed a theoretical model to explain how external program manager involvement is influenced by external institutional forces (coercive, mimetic, and normative pressures) and internal top management support. Based on a questionnaire survey, this study tested the research model through partial least-squares structural equation modeling. The empirical results revealed that coercive pressures have no significant impact on external program manager involvement; owners' top management support acts as a complete mediator between the mimetic pressures and external program manager involvement; normative pressures have the greatest impact on top management support and external program manager involvement, and top management support plays a key but partially mediating role. A direct contribution of this study is to reveal how different types of isomorphic pressures can be better exercised to facilitate the involvement of external program managers. Going further, by incorporating both external institutional pressures and internal top management support into the research model, this study provides insight into how organizations are influenced by external institutions to apply tools or approaches internally.  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers.
This paper studies the long-term effects of heterogeneous information provision on road networks with multiple information providers (IPs). To capture the information heterogeneity resulting from various IPs, we consider that users subscribing to different IPs receive non-identical information sets about the available routes and make route choices within their information sets. We investigate both IPs’ strategic interactions and users’ route choices in a bi-level “leader–follower” game. At the upper level, IPs act as leaders who compete or cooperate to determine the optimal information sets provided for their users to maximize their objectives. Three models are developed to investigate IPs’ strategic interactions, i.e., Nash game, Stackelberg game, and cooperation, in which IPs are non-cooperative, leader and followers, and cooperative, respectively. At the lower level, users act as followers to choose their user-optimal routes based on their received information sets. Wardrop Equilibrium with Multiple Information Classes (WEMIC) is defined to capture users’ route choices. The WEMIC problem is formulated as an equivalent variational inequality (VI) problem. The existence and uniqueness of the VI solution are proved. When IPs play the Nash game, the problem is formulated as an Equilibrium Problem with Equilibrium Constraints (EPEC) with discrete variables and non-continuous payoff functions. To solve the EPEC efficiently, we propose a Binary Coded Nash Dominance based Evolutionary (BCNDE) algorithm embedded with a heuristic method for action space reduction. Finally, numerical experiments with two IPs (a big IP and a small IP) are conducted to analyze the effects of unit information cost in the Nash game and the impact of the leader's strategy in the Stackelberg game, respectively. We find that the small IP may benefit from higher information costs in the Nash game. Moreover, the effects of IPs’ competition and cooperation are compared from both the perspectives of IPs and the system. The results indicate that cooperation can reduce congestion and make both IPs better off. On the Nguyen–Dupuis network, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the BCNDE algorithm and analyze the effects of market share distribution in the Nash game. We also extend this study by considering elastic demand. The extended models, theoretical proofs, and corresponding numerical experiments are provided. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Universities across China have set up crisis management teams (CMTS) to deal with the crisis brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. This study focuses on how the paternalistic leadership practices of a Chinese university CMT influence crisis strategic decisions by managing conflict. These relationships were verified using hierarchical regression analysis on 312 samples from the surveyed university during the pandemic and found the following: benevolent leadership and moral leadership have positive effects on decision quality. However, unlike most studies on paternalistic leadership, in crisis situations, the negative effects of authoritarian leadership disappear under the mediating effect of affective conflict. This means that affective conflict within CMT fully mediates the relationship between authoritarian leadership and decision quality, and partially mediates the relationship between moral leadership and decision quality, while cognitive conflict partially mediates the relationship between benevolent leadership and crisis decision quality. It indicates that a CMT must stimulate and maintain a certain level of cognitive conflict while suppressing affective conflict to achieve high-quality crisis decision-making. This state can be achieved by practicing lower levels of authoritarian leadership and maintaining high levels of moral and benevolent leadership practices. © 2022 by the authors.
The flows of ecosystem services (ESs) from ecological patches (EPs) are being severely challenged due to global change. However, the evaluation of nexus between tribal society and ecological units with focus of tribal livelihood was not a subject of enquiry until recent past. Present study hypothesized that the different EPs has differential nexus in terms of delivery of ESs in Barind region, Eastern India. Dependency and prominence of l livelihood on ESs was evaluated through developing ES dependency index (ESDI) and ecosystem services prominence index (ESPI). Five sub-components (comprising 25 indicators) and ten dominant provisioning ecosystem services (PES) were considered to develop ESDI and ESPI respectively. The seasonal variations of availability of ESs from EPs were also assessed-based five-point Likert scale. The findings of the study showed that (i) the households were highly dependent on PES for their livelihood strategies; (ii) agricultural crops (main foods), housing materials, fuel woods, water, livestock, and medical plants were the dominant ESs; (iii) forests, agricultural lands, water bodies, and homesteads were the main EPs from which ESs were collected; (iv) there was positive correlation between ESDI and ESPI. Moreover, there was substantial variation on dependency of ESs across villages was observed and seasonal variation in ESs was noted in terms of availability and dependency with maximum contribution during the monsoon season. The result clearly suggests that there is a strong nexus between livelihood strategies and ESs in the region. Therefore, diversification of livelihood strategies must be integrated with ESs for human well-being (HWB) as well as environmental sustainability. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The traditional notion of university library strategy has been that of a pattern of goal-oriented activities that implement a strategic plan. Through conceptual analysis, this paper integrates strategic planning with two other perspectives - strategy based upon competitive position and upon library resources - to propose that a university library can best serve its academic community through a "strategic process"when supporting research and teaching. Drawing extensively upon applicable library science and strategic management literature, the paper presents the potential contribution of each perspective and of the entire strategic process using relevant examples. Successfully applying the strategic process enables university library managers to move forward with optimism in difficult competitive and financial situations. The process enables the university library to gain sustainable competitive advantage over its competitors by providing faculty and students with intellectual value in support of their discovery and education. As it operates, the strategic process empowers the university library to fulfill its traditional mission - providing persistent, generalized access to information - but to do so in transformed ways. The process also enhances library managers' ability to communicate such successes to university decision-makers, illuminating the library's effective use of scarce financial resources.  © 2022 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Fifteen percent of the total volume produced is lost, which has become a major problem for water resource management in Algeria. The number of high leakages reduces the performance of the drinking water supply network. The disturbance of the drinking water supply observed by the citizens resulted from several incidents occurring mainly on the axis of production or distribution (e.g., breakage, leakage, pollution, electrical problems, and drought). To manage these incidents and for water distribution monitoring in the high-level strategic plan, monitoring and control software was developed for the Algerian Water Company (ADE). This software is an essential tool that helps managers of water resources to monitor the water supply situation throughout the national territory to ameliorate water public services. This dynamic software has been in use since 2016. © 2022, The Author(s).
Research Summary: This article asks how distinct communication frames used by corporate social initiatives (CSIs) affect beneficiary engagement, specifically their reach vis-à-vis disadvantaged groups. Through a unique randomized field experiment in France, we assess the effectiveness of a series of communication frames on beneficiaries' decisions to enroll and use the social goods provided. Our results show that empathy- and simplicity-oriented frames significantly increase program enrollment and utilization rates relative to other strategies, notably the widely used charity frame. We find that none of the tested communication frames raised take-up by nonnative French beneficiaries, and only the empathy frame augmented the response of the very poor. Our work opens new research directions for strategic management studies on CSIs, communication frames, inclusion and social outcomes. Managerial Summary: Many corporate social initiatives (CSIs) launch large information campaigns to raise awareness about the social goods they provide. Findings from a field experiment reveal that the communication frames that CSIs deploy matters. Communication that expresses empathy (how the CSI understands and cares about its target beneficiaries) or presents simple information (what the CSI does) is far more effective at raising take-up than communication frames that emphasize what for (why) and the charitable identity (who) about the CSI. However, results also reveal that foreigners and the economically most disadvantaged beneficiaries responded the least to these communication frames. This suggests that more is needed to effectively raise take-up by these subgroups. Our work speaks to strategy researchers and practitioners interested in CSIs, communication frames, and social inclusion. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Previous work has demonstrated that structural forms of empowerment tend to enhance individual and team resilience. However, there is hardly any knowledge about how structural empowerment affects organizational resilience. Moreover, a widespread (though largely untested) assumption is that, in adverse times, power and authority need to be centralized at the top to enhance organizational resilience. This paper explores the effects of empowerment on organizational resilience in an in-depth case study of a Dutch home care organization, in which employees are structurally empowered. The findings from this case study suggest that structural empowerment positively affects organizational resilience, but that this effect is contingent upon a climate of psychological safety as well as top management’s sustained commitment to structural empowerment. We move beyond the extant conceptualization of psychological safety by demonstrating its inter-level nature in the context of structural empowerment, which operates across organizational levels when employees also engage in discussions on tactical and strategic issues. Overall, this study provides an in-depth understanding of how organizations can enhance their resilience by empowering their members, thus also challenging the common wisdom about centralizing power in adverse times. © The Author(s) 2021.
This study proposes a novel model for the design of electric demand-responsive transit (e-DRT) services, in which the vehicle service plan and opportunity charging plan can be optimized simultaneously. In particular, all recharging plans are well coordinated with flexible transit service schedules. A customized variable neighborhood search is developed to solve the proposed model efficiently. Real-world cases are presented to evaluate the system performance and justify the capability of the proposed method. Comparisons between Cplex and the heuristic suggest that the proposed algorithm can considerably improve computational efficiency. A comparative analysis shows the proposed model takes 11% less total cost than the alternative model with full charging strategy. Sensitivity analyses show the impacts of charging power, bus capacity, availability of fast chargers, and initial state-of-charge on the e-DRT's performance. © 2022
Since large-scale environmental disruptions have become chronic, policymakers need to consider the long-term consequences of urgent crisis decisions. We develop design principles for a decision platform addressing strategic environmental crisis management, by which we mean coordinated decisions during an environmental urgency that are sensitive to long-term path dependencies and policy errors. To enhance critical questioning of formal doctrines, the decision platform includes policymakers and sectoral experts as equal participants. The agenda for decisionmaking is structured around future scenarios to encourage the participants to imagine alternative ways of framing the decision problem. The agenda also discourages defensive heuristics with which decision-makers attempt to preserve their short-term reputation. The design principles for strategic environmental crisis management are based on urban experimentation. The barrier of implementation for similar experiments in other contexts is low because they assume no major overhaul in existing administration © 2022 The Author(s)
One of the important strategic factors of petrochemicals plant maintenance is the spare parts inventory policy, It is significant for the efficiency, reliability, and productivity of the petrochemicals industry. An unsuitable spare part inventory policy will lead to a loss in long engineering machinery downtime due to a shortage of spare parts. To implement the spare parts inventory policy which is able to fulfill the future demand for spare parts, calculation by various statistical theories and working processes is used to custom the spare parts inventory policy. However, to validate whether or not the customized spare parts inventory policy is suitable, the discrete-event simulation library SimPy is used to mimic the actual spare parts inventory system. It must be involved in the performance evaluation process of the customized spare parts inventory policy. The inventory simulation model consists of many events depending on the supply chain system. The crucial event which is the most complex for the simulation of spare parts inventory is the demand event. This work applies the demand forecasting technique to the simulation by using deep learning with a pre- built architecture model called Temporal Fusion Transformers (TFT). The averaged MAE of the point predictions from a global model is 0.4874+/- 6.7744 on the validation dataset and 0.6424+/-3.4963 on the test dataset. Our method predicts a quantile forecast of the future demand which is able to handle the stochastic nature of the spare parts demand in the petro- chemicals industry and the result from the simulation outcome is more accurate and close to the outcome from an actual inventory system. The information from the analysis of the simulation outcome is used by the in- ventory management team to make decisions about the custom inventory policy before deploying it to the actual system. © 2022, ECTI Association. All rights reserved.
Significant quantities of data are being collected by citizen scientists concerning environmental challenges. Networks of volunteers can collect data on spatial and temporal scales that may be beyond the resource and logistical capacities of the governmental bodies and other organisations that monitor and protect the environment. However, citizen science may be viewed with scepticism by decision makers and excluded from decision-making because it is perceived as being of poor quality and lacking scientific credibility. This paper explores how citizen science has been used to inform the management of an urban river. It uses the example of the River Crane, a small urban river in London, UK, to demonstrate how data gathered through a volunteer project, Citizen Crane, supported decision-making about the river. Through analysis of interviews with the project's leadership group, the paper examines how the project leadership team developed a high degree of credibility with stakeholders in the river management. This included drawing on the expertise of stakeholders to design the project and align the monitoring approaches with technical and scientific standards. Other factors of importance included open and professional communication between the Citizen Crane leadership team with regulators and businesses, and the development of shared understandings and expectations about the river's management. The leadership team drew on their professional experience to inform the design and management of the project, and to provide a conduit for data gathered by volunteer scientists to be embedded in decision-making. The paper unpicks the ways in which citizen science challenges traditional notions of expertise in environmental decision-making, and contributes to understanding how citizen science can support more legitimate and effective strategies for tackling complex socio-environmental challenges. The information, practices and views in this article are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Royal Geographical Society (with IBG). © 2019 Royal Geographical Society (with the Institute of British Geographers).
City marathons have evolved and grown exponentially in type and popularity, in their managerial complexity, and in terms of their financial impact on their host cities and the attraction of corporate sponsors. Most of the research on city marathons has focused on evaluating their broad economic, urban, tourist, social, sporting, and symbolic effects on host cities. However, less attention has been paid to analyzing key strategic decisions that could account for the evolution and growth of specific marathons and their influences on their management and success. This article, which addresses the cases of the Bank of America Chicago Marathon and the Marathon Valencia Trinidad Alfonso, examines those key strategic decisions that have been taken from their inaugural first editions to present and how effective they have been as regards the management and success of both races. Results show that the international success of both events –in terms of sporting participation, performance, and economic impact– is closely related to critical key decisions taken to improve the design and management of the event; the synergies between the political, business and sporting spheres that the organizational leadership of both races has favored their implementation and, as a consequence, the support received from sponsors. This factor has not only provided both races with financial stability, but it has also contributed to improving how both marathons are managed. © 2022 by the authors.
E-waste management is undoubtedly one of the important environmental concerns at present because the dependence on electronic devices has increased. There have been policies, legal provisions, and advocacy undertakings educating and introducing ways to manage and properly dispose of e-waste in the region yet there is no clear understanding of these practices, particularly in Higher Education Institutions (HEIs). The present study evaluates the e-waste management implementation of HEIs in South Central Mindanao, Philippines using survey questionnaires and in-depth interviews with 13 HEI representatives. The surveys showed that 39% of the HEIs have an annual budget of less than PhP100,000.00 (USD 1,950). Moreover, 23% of HEIs annual ly purchase 10-60 units of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) equipment. E-waste management among HEIs shows that 53.8% of ICT and electronic devices end up in landfills and 23.1% in informal sectors like junk shops. It can be noted that the yearly generation of e-waste among HEIs highly impacts the rise in the usage of IT equipment and electronic devices. Lack of awareness, e-waste disposal facilities, priorities, audit resolution and procedure and no definite legislation or laws among HEIs are the main challenges for e-waste management in the region. This study prompts mainstream e-waste management in HEIs and enlightens the public about appropriate strategies to address this issue. Furthermore, the findings of this study can be useful in formulating national and regional e-waste management plans and programs. © 2022, Faculty of Environment and Resource Studies,Mahidol University. All rights reserved.
Eco-friendly farms play an instrumental role in biodiversity conservation worldwide, but there are no applicable assessment and monitoring tools available. Based on the protocol of the Singapore City Biodiversity Index, we proposed a simplified, rapid assessment method, the Agri-Environment Biodiversity Index (ABI, including 3 aspects, 5 indicators, and 10 secondary indicators), to score the biodiversity performance of 9 best-practice farms from a total of >300 eco-friendly farms in China. Using the Delphi method and correlation analysis, we confirmed the suitability of the ABI scoring system and found that the scores were significantly correlated with most of the landscape factors and the majority of the farming methods measured, suggesting that the scoring system could be used as a strategic biodiversity evaluation tool. The results showed that the farm area and the proportion and diversity of natural/seminatural habitats were significantly correlated with ABI scores; this suggests that eco-friendly farms are positive contributors to the whole landscape mosaic, and establishing more of them might benefit biodiversity conservation. This study may guide the landscape and farming management of ecological farms and inform the process of on-farm biodiversity monitoring and assessment. © 2022 The Author(s)
This article introduces the special issue in Human Resource Management featuring employer branding and talent acquisition. We provide a brief history of talent acquisition and introduce an employer branding approach to this process, especially emphasizing the potential of this approach for building competitive advantage. The challenges of employer branding on social media in the digital age are also highlighted. We then introduce the five papers contained in this issue, each representing a variety of levels of analysis, theoretical perspectives, environmental contexts, and methodological and design approaches to scholarly investigations on this topic. Our introduction concludes with a list of research questions characterizing an agenda for future research based aroundthe themes of (i) macro contextual effects; (ii) strategic employer branding; (iii) psychology and processing of employer brands; (iv) role the time; and (v) methods and approaches. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
This paper incorporates systems thinking in the design of a knowledge networked systems model (KNSM) for supporting knowledge-to-action in conservation organizations. It assumes that organizations are complex entities with properties that should be considered normatively. The synthesis of these properties into a KNSM revolves around the most common question many conservation practitioners are asked by the public: how is X doing? X typically reflects a concept easily grasped by the public such as a species or ecosystem. To operationalize a KNSM, one should consider that (1) information, not authority, empowers the network, (2) structural or bureaucratic impediments to maximizing utility of knowledge are minimized, (3) interacting agents direct the flow of information and knowledge and guide agency outputs, (4) boundaries between offices, programs, departments, and organizations are treated as porous, (5) transparency is fundamental to successful model operation, (6), most conservation problems are spatial, and (7) ecological and knowledge hierarchies organize the network. Benefits of this approach include facilitating research outcomes that support management decisions, a tool for strategic planning and implementation, greater transparency and operational clarity, foundation for team building, means for identifying knowledge gaps, a platform for organizational in-reach and public outreach, facilitated communication in general, and an important tool for collaborative conservation decision making. An example using a hypothetical listed species is presented to illustrate how a KNSM can be designed and implemented. © 2022 The Authors. Conservation Science and Practice published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Society for Conservation Biology.
Although plastic is a very important material in our economy and lifestyle, we need to deal with its pervasive impact and the huge amount of plastic waste produced, especially in the urban context. In Italy, the production of plastic waste is about 4.8 million tons with a share of 31.4% sent for recycling, 32.8% sent to Waste to Energy facilities and 35.8% sent to landfill. The negative effects of plastic waste have to be mitigated by means of prevention and other measures aimed at a transition to sustainable production and consumption patterns. The presented perspective takes advantage of the work done in the framework of the Italian Circular Economy Stakeholders Platform (ICESP) and identifies regulatory and technical criticalities in the sector, while defining strategic actions to be implemented along the entire value chain of plastics in the short, medium and long term perspective, with the aim of outlining possible mitigation solutions. From the snapshot of the ongoing advancement of the circular economy in the plastic sector, within the Italian urban context, suggestions can be gained for a strategy based on a systemic life cycle approach. Copyright © 2022 Preka, Fiorentino, De Carolis and Barberio.
Why do some near crises tip over into full-blown crisis and others do not? This paper considers existing scholarship and identifies four key barriers to using quantitative analysis for tipping-point analyses: strategic indeterminacy; the incentives for conflict parties to avoid inefficiencies; the paucity of cases; and the availability of quality data. Due to these challenges, many do not perform well as immediate causes for crisis escalation. We also argue and demonstrate through two quantitative models of crisis escalation that some variables, particularly related to domestic politics, can do well in explaining why some disputes tip into crisis and others do not. As we illustrate with reference to the 1995-1996 Third Taiwan Straits Crisis, qualitative approaches that analyze the processes by which leaders and foreign policy institutions make decisions add needed explanatory power to purely quantitative models of the potential for near crises to tip into crisis.  © 2022 The Author(s) (2022). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Studies Association.
Through its novel and systematic application of the multi-level perspective (MLP), sustainable mobility paradigm (SMP), and strategic niche management (SNM) principles, this article provides a framework for evaluating the relationship between cycling innovations and sustainability goals within a given institutional context. It then demonstrates the practical application of this framework with an analysis of the implementation of three comparable cycling innovations in three different mobility regimes. The article contributes to the literature on the transition to sustainable transportation systems by showing how the application of the SMP to transition theories provides an improved understanding of the role that cycling innovations play in transition processes. It also critically evaluates the limited amount of literature examining cycling innovations through the lens of transition theories and how this literature has been adopted by other scholars. © 2022 The Author(s)
With the development of social media, mass unreliable information is circulated which amplifies the impact on NIMBY conflict, which is caused by public concern about the negative externalities of development projects. Understanding the behavior of rumor combating provides significant insights for crisis management relating to public acceptance of large-scale infrastructure initiatives, construction projects or energy facilities. However, few studies have addressed how rumor combating behavior develops due to the online rumors in such crises. Accordingly, this study aimed to investigate the formation and the effect of rumor combating behavior on NIMBY conflict with the analytical framework by content analysis and curve fitting method based on Situational Crisis Communication Theory. In this framework, the temporal modes and frameworks evolution of the counter-rumors are illustrated, the influences and behaviors tendency of multiple rumor refuters are examined, and the effects of the rumor combating strategies are explored via acceptance analysis. The results show that there are two key diffusion cycles in the progress of rumor combating, and early counter-rumors can pre-emptively protect the users' attitude. The interactive features of the framework between rumors and counter-rumors vary at different stages and an Assessment framework can provide a quick response to combat rumors. In addition, Media practitioners and News organizations act as the bellwether in rumor combating action, while Individuals and Elites are the main forces as the rumor refuters. Refutation and Guide, fact-based rumor combating strategies, show great persuasive impact. These findings will help the government and relevant entities to implement rumor combating strategies to minimize the potential exacerbation of NIMBY conflict. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
As a prerequisite for long-term strategic and financial planning, sustainable growth is a future-oriented concept that was based on the company’s long-term survival with value creation. The primary aim of this paper is to determine the indicators that have an influence on sustainable company growth rate during the five-year period of 2016 to 2020. Panel regression analysis was used in order to thoroughly analyze the sustainable growth variables. Our analysis was based on a sample of 675 observations of companies operating in the Eastern European market. The obtained results showed that liquidity and leverage have a negative impact on sustainable growth, while profitability has a positive impact on sustainable growth. The impact of these variables was statistically significant. The obtained results may serve as an effective company tool to improve the target sustainable growth rate. They provide support for the company’s management to improve its business and ensure healthy growth without major financial difficulties, as well as to promote a sustainable business that will increase the market value of the company. Moreover, all internal and external stakeholders will be provided with insight into the reality of growth plans and opportunities for future sustainable growth, which creates a basis for measuring a company’s business prosperity and predicting its long-term performance. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: To understand human resource (HR) practices outcomes on HR decision making, strategic human resource management (HRM) and organizational performance by exploring the HR data quality along with descriptive and predictive financial and non-financial metrics. Design/methodology/approach: This work utilizes the grounded theory method. After the literature was reviewed, 113 HR managers of multinational and national companies in India were interviewed with a semi-structured questionnaire. The collected interview data was analyzed with NVivo 8.0 software. Findings: It is interesting to uncover the descriptive and predictive non-financial and financial metrics of HR practices and their influence on organizational performance. It was found that HR data quality moderates the relationship between the HR practices outcome and HR metrics. This study found that HR metrics help in HR decision-making for strategic HRM and subsequently affect organizational performance. Originality/value: This study has uniquely provided the descriptive and predictive non-financial and financial metrics of HR practices and their impact on HR decision making, strategic HRM and organizational performance. This study highlights the importance of data quality. This research offers insights to the HR managers, HR analysts, chief HR officers and HR practitioners to achieve organizational performance considering the various metrics of HRM. It provides key insights to the top management to understand the HR metrics' effect on strategic HRM and organizational performance. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
All-electric ships have become the main trend for the developments of touring ships; however, the frequent replacements of lithium battery packs still disturb the popularity of all-electric ships. This paper aimed at a class of pure electric sightseeing ships with the system of integrated electric propulsion. Based on the law of conservation of energy, a ship’s mileage and remaining battery capacity model were established. The relationships between mileage, arrival time, and the cycle life of lithium battery packs were considered to establish the aging model of a lithium battery. In this study, we investigated an energy switching strategy of lithium battery packs based on logical threshold optimization algorithm to reduce their aging rates. The investigated strategy was verified by building Simulink simulation model and sample ship test. The simulation results showed that under the same environment, as compared with the general charge and discharge management system, the capacity attenuation of a lithium battery pack was greatly reduced, and the difference between the reduced attenuation amount and the original attenuation amount could reach 41%. The actual test showed that when the sample ship’s voyage was at a uniform speed and straight line, the average aging serious factor of the lithium battery packs controlled by the proposed energy switching strategy was reduced by 0.1791 as compared with that of the general charge and discharge management system. This research validates that the proposed energy management strategy greatly can improve the cycle life of lithium battery packs. © 2021, Islamic Azad University (IAU).
This paper proposes a two-step framework for techno-economic analysis of a demand-side flexibility service in distribution networks. Step one applies optimization-based modelling to propose a generic problem formulation which determines the offer curve, in terms of available flexible capacity and its marginal cost, for flexible distribution-connected assets. These offer curves form an input to the second step, which uses a multi-agent iterative game framework to determine the benefits of demand-side flexibility for the Distribution System Operator (DSO) and the service providers. The combined two-step framework simultaneously accounts for the objectives of each flexibility provider, technical constraints of flexible assets, customer preferences, market clearing mechanisms, and strategic bidding by service providers, omission of any of which can lead to erroneous results. The proposed two-step framework has been applied to a real case study in the North East of England to examine four market mechanisms and three bidding strategies. The results showed that among all considered market mechanisms, flexibility markets that operate under discriminatory pricing, such as pay-as-bid and Dutch reverse auctions, are prone to manipulations, especially in the lack of competition. In contrast, uniform pricing pay-as-cleared auction provides limited opportunities for manipulation even when competition is low. © 2022 The Author(s)
The purpose of the paper is to understand the role of strategic flexibility in mediating between leadership and strategy execution among private enterprises in Bangladesh which have a great deal to do with economic development in Bangladesh. To ensure the rigor of this research, this research adopts a multi-case research method. The research investigated 15 cases, including 10 industries. The research cases involve basic materials (iron & steel), consumer goods (food, recreational), education (school, college, university), energy (LPG), health (hospital), industrials (business support, electronics), technology (equipment, software), textile (garments), tourism (hotel) and transport (roads & highways). The content of the interview was coded and scored on a 7-point Likert scale based on theoretical concepts extracted from the literature review. According to the first stages of interviews with top management of seven private enterprises, all interviewed respondents believe that their leadership styles are not homogeneous and exert a certain influence on both strategic flexibility and strategy execution. The interviewees, however, hold a variety of viewpoints with strategic flexibility throughout the process. © 2022, The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management.
Climate change due to greenhouse gas emissions is the most important issue in the world, threatening our lives. Studies reveal that most emissions are caused by transportation (29%), manufacturing (23%), and irregular population distribution across the world. This study suggests the localization of recycling and manufacturing plastic parts and components by additive manufacturing. Localization will decrease transportation, resulting in reduced energy consumption and CO2 emissions. However, the method may not be sufficient because local additive manufacturing means less reliance on supply chains and higher dependence on the workforce in rural areas. Factors such as the workforce in rural areas, multientity authorities, and policy are important to the realization of sustainable manufacturing. In this study, a novel strategic control model is proposed to focus on human-centric approaches. The strategic control model proposes methods to connect strategic planning with demography and the workforce and to apply control metrics to relocate overcrowded populations to rural areas. The strategic control model realizes localization through workforce allocation and home-based manufacturing. It streamlines the integration between recycling, manufacturing, and distribution. As a result, decreased reliance on the supply chain reduces transportation, energy consumption, CO2 emissions, and cost. It also creates job opportunities and mitigates societal issues. © 2022 The Author(s)
Current global warming causes a change in atmospheric dynamics, with consequent variations in the rainfall regimes. Understanding the relationship between global climate patterns, global warming, and rainfall regimes is crucial for the creation of future scenarios and for the relative modification of water management. The aim of this study is to improve knowledge of the relationship between North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO), East Atlantic (EA), and Western Mediterranean Oscillation (WeMO) with the seasonal rainfalls in Tuscany, Italy. The study area occupies a strategic position since it lies in a transition zone between the wet area of northern Europe and the dry area of the northern coast of Africa. This research, based on a statistical correlation method and on linear models, is designed to understand the relationship between seasonal rainfalls and climate patterns. The results of this study demonstrate that the use of linear models can yield more information than traditional statistical correlations. The results show a decrease in rainfall in the warm period of the year, namely in the summer, when its expression is most visible. This phenomenon is ascribable to current global warming, which causes an increase in sea-surface temperatures. An increase in the Northern Atlantic Sea Surface Temperature and in the Mediterranean Sea Surface Temperature causes a reduction of the Iceland Low, with an extension of the Azores High. Moreover, an increase in the Genoa Gulf SST induces a weakening of the Genoa Gulf Low, one of the main cyclogenetic systems of the Mediterranean. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
This study aims to examine the role of strategic agility to achieve competitiveness by analyzing the mediating effect of knowledge management construct in Jordanian’s public higher education institutions. The study reviewed the existing literature addressing the knowledge management and strategic features of the organizations. The resource‐based view theory is the lens of linking the knowledge management with strategic outcomes of the organizations. The hypothesized theoretical model was tested using a quantitative research method through questionnaire. A PLS-SEM approach was utilized to conduct the key analytical procedure and test the proposed research hypotheses. The results found a significant and positive effect of both strategic agility and knowledge management on achieving competitiveness. On the contrary, knowledge management showed no effect on competitiveness. But it had a mediation effect of the strategic agility on achieving competitiveness. Future research suggestions provided resulting from the research implications to provide different research methods and models. © 2022 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
The modern energy management strategy (EMS) plays a vital role in the energy efficiency of the extended range electric vehicle. However, some modern strategies such as model predictive control (MPC) and dynamic programming (DP) have limited practical potential because they are subject to the pre-known environment information and noise interference. The reinforcement learning (RL)control strategy can be adopted as online control to interact with the vehicle and the environment. In this study, a novel auxiliary power unit (APU) charging strategy with multi-object optimization is proposed to achieve high fuel conversion efficiency while maintaining battery charging health. The state-of-the-art algorithm, Soft Actor-Critic (SAC), is applied to achieve better exploration of the possible APU behaviour and solve the sensitivity and poor convergence problems from the current RL studies. Its performance is further verified by the results of the Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (DDPG) algorithm and DP. Three innovative targets are selected as the RL rewards for optimization: the engine fuel rate, SOC charging trajectory, and the battery charging rate (C-rate). The first adoption of the battery C-rate monitoring in RL-based energy management strategy helps extend the battery lifespan from excessive discharge. The comparative results show that the SAC had a 36% faster convergence speed than DDPG while providing a smoother and more stable action space. The fuel consumption with SAC also outplays that of DDPG by around 3%, which achieves almost 95% of the global optimization result. The successful deployment of the SAC algorithm as an EMS indicates its standout ability in dealing with wide-range actions and states with high randomness, revealing the practical potential compared with the existing RL strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: This study aims to address how the ISO 14001 standardisation and certification process improves substantive performance in small to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) through the development of an environmental management control system (EMCS). Design/methodology/approach: A qualitative cross-case interview design with those responsible for the implementation of an environmental management system (certified to ISO 14001) in SMEs is adopted to inductively “theorise” the EMCS. Findings: The design and monitoring of environmental controls are often beyond the scope of the SMEs’ top management team and include extra-organisational dimensions such as the external audit and institutional requirements. This suggests more complex control pathways for SMEs to produce EMCS that primarily function as packages and are broader than the analytical level of the firm. Here, controlling for environmental performance exists at strategic and operational levels, as well as beyond the SMEs’ boundaries. Practical implications: Various internal controls are put forward for SME owner-managers to meet environmental targets (e.g. gamification and interpersonal communication strategies). This builds upon a broader accountability perspective wherein formalised hierarchical control is only one route for ensuring sustainable action within the ISO 14001-certified SMEs. Social implications: This study contributes to a more sustainable society through developing an understanding of how environmental sustainability is substantively managed by SMEs to improve performance for current and future generations. Originality/value: This paper, to the best of the author’s knowledge, is one of the first to establish how SMEs control for environmental sustainability from empirically derived evidence. In doing so, it provides an example of the EMCS for the SME context. © 2022, Leanne Johnstone.
This article introduces and elucidates a new sustainability management paradox by examining the difficulties of applying the European Union’s illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing regulations in Thai waters. Interviews were conducted with key stakeholders of Thailand’s fishery sector to explore the particularities of the area. Configuration theory—from a strategic management perspective—was used to guide empirical research and extend it to the context of environmental regulation. The research finds that when it makes more business sense for stakeholders to engage in sustainability matters, more explicit engagement might take place of the wrong type, but the true sustainability objectives become performed more poorly and mismanaged, perhaps resulting in a worse-off position than started with. This is because regulation is astute at setting targets, but ineffective at engaging with key stakeholders. A composite model of how configuration theory fits within discussions of sustainability motivations is posited as the theoretical contribution to knowledge. © 2022, The Author(s).
While social evaluations have gained prominence in the field of marketing, few studies have investigated how brands strategically mobilize their social evaluations. This study aims to further explore the potential of social evaluations to shed light on brand management processes. Through a qualitative content analysis of 420 unique magazine ads of 36 fine watchmaking brands over a four-year period, we show how brands strategically draw from the distinct repertoires of status, reputation, and legitimacy to signal their social position and increase their appeal to consumers. We find that brands mobilize and combine cues from the three repertoires in different ways and that these variations stem from differences in the brands’ strategic intent and extent of market embeddedness. We discuss the contributions of these findings to the marketing literatures on social evaluations and on the role of advertising in brand building and conclude by outlining avenues for future research. © The Author(s) 2022.
Purpose: The aim of this paper is to determine whether leadership affects strategic flexibility and business performance taking into consideration the mediating role of talent management in these relationships. Design/methodology/approach: The proposed framework is tested by confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) and finally structural equation modeling (SEM), using the survey data from 462 Greek firms. The mediation effect of talent management was tested by the Sobel test. Findings: The results show that leadership drives firms to strategic flexibility and business performance, but the introduction of talent management fully mediates these relationships. Strategic flexibility also affects business performance positively. Research limitations/implications: This study explores a formal style of leadership; many leadership styles remain unexplored. The field of talent management is in urgent need of more empirical research to explain its importance and how talent management is handled in the 21st-century. Practical implications: This study proves that managers should invest more in talent management; outstanding talent can be leveraged to implement the best operational practices while managers' motivation for talent management contributes to a deeper anchoring of strategic flexibility and performance efforts in firms. Originality/value: The current state of knowledge of both theory and practice for critical organizational factors such as strategic flexibility and talent management will be extended. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Total interpretive structural modelling (TISM) is a methodology for conceptualising and modelling interactions among a collection of elements. While TISM is intended to interpret both nodes and links, the interpretation of linkages lacks argumentative depth. Given that TISM, as an extension of interpretive structural modelling (ISM), aims to answer the question ‘why’ in theory building, adding argumentation-based discussion of links could enrich the interpretation phase. In this perspective, the purpose of this paper is to strengthen the interpretation part through argumentation. Additionally, the paper proposes a methodology for conceptualising models with the structured literature review. The method is demonstrated with the literature-based study on strategic innovation management in the context of new ventures. The illustration proceeds in three phases: answering the questions ‘what’, ‘how’, and ‘why’. The proposed approach is applicable to any study requiring the derivation of an argumentation-based conceptual model through the structured literature review. © 2022, The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management.
Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) is a sub-regional collaboration formed to accelerate economic transformation in less developed regions. The Growth Triangle is the basis of an economic concept driven by a strong political commitment. Through one of the sectors within the IMT-GT framework, the sub-regional cooperation in air transportation, Indonesia supports and plays an active role in implementing IMT-GT activities. In terms of implementation, it proposes flight points between the IMT-GT regions to improve air connectivity between these countries. The purpose of this study is to formulate the best strategy formulation for Indonesian government policymakers, in this case, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, Ministry of Transportation, to deal with IMT-GT cooperation. This research uses a qualitative approach with a SWOT analysis method and a grand strategy matrix. The research locus was carried out at the Directorate General of Civil Aviation of the Ministry of Transportation of the Republic of Indonesia in 2019 with 6 key informants who have competencies and strategic positions at the Directorate General of Civil Aviation. © 2022 Majid et al.
The role of the bioeconomy based on the use of renewable resources and also on the valorization of bio-based waste could contribute to a higher degree of sustainability. In this sense, biobased processes and products should exhibit values for indicators that demonstrate and outperform their competing counterparts. To this end, it is essential to apply a methodology to conduct the assessment of environmental impacts and potential damages at a global level. Life cycle assessment (LCA) has proven to be a suitable method to study the environmental profiles and damage scores of products and/or processes within their life cycle. In this regard, LCA impact scores are transformed into planetary boundary (PB) values, for which a threshold has been previously established. This has been the focus of this article, in which the environmental sustainability ratios of different bioadhesive scenarios have been evaluated under the combined framework of PBs and LCA for wood-based bioadhesives following different allocation approaches based on egalitarian, utilitarian, and grandfathering principles. In this way, it has been possible to assess the potential of bioadhesives to replace synthetic resins in the wood-based panel production chain. The results obtained show some variability in the environmental profiles and indicators, but it is possible to conclude that the bioadhesives selected can be considered as sustainable alternatives. However, improvements are required in certain PB categories, such as climate change or biogeochemical flows, as in some cases, the threshold value is exceeded. Future research should focus on two strategic lines: the application of guidelines for the evaluation of environmental sustainability at the planetary level and the optimization of bio-adhesive production to reduce their impact with the aim of achieving a more adequate sustainability ratio.  © 2022 American Chemical Society.
Literature on strategy, innovation, and portfolio management has recently shown increased interest in the concept of planned emergence. This builds on an understanding that organizations' innovation is triggered both by deliberate top-down management approaches as well as emergent bottom-up processes. However, little is known on how to effectively plan emergence. In this context, bootlegging has been mentioned as a potential approach, describing instances in which employees choose to innovate without the knowledge and permission of top managers. Whereas past research has focused on the individual employee, we shift the perspective to the overall tendency of bootlegging in organizations. We investigate which organizational conditions facilitate the propensity of bootlegging becoming a widespread practice in an organization, and how this tendency is associated with the organization's innovativeness. Drawing on the theory of creative deviance, we argue that organizations deploying management practices fostering emergent and induced innovation initiatives increase structural strain and thereby bootlegging tendency in such organizations. As more innovation initiatives are elaborated outside the formal process, the number and diversity of ideas outside the strategic scope should increase. Higher bootlegging tendency is thereby proposed to be associated with higher portfolio innovativeness. Empirical evidence from the study of 930 respondents in 124 firms supports the notion that management practices supporting emergent innovation initiatives increase bootlegging tendency, which in turn increases newness of the organization's innovation portfolio. Management practices inducing a particular innovation direction are, in contrast, less prone to trigger structural strain with lesser effects on bootlegging tendencies of the organization. In sum, we contribute to the literature by providing evidence on bootlegging as a promising approach to enable “planned emergence”. We illustrate how different types of management practices can be used to regulate deviance in the organization to achieve higher degrees of newness of the organization's innovation outcomes. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Product Innovation Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Product Development & Management Association.
How has the experience of managerial work changed in the digital age? This two-phase (2002–2006, 2015–2019) study addresses this question by examining how middle managers perceive the spatio-temporal boundaries of their work to have shifted. Typically, such managers report change occurring in two directions: (i) the contractual employment boundary becoming stretched as hours completed inside the workplace increase; and (ii) this boundary becoming breached as managers conduct additional work voluntarily from locations outside corporate premises. Although such trends can be explained deterministically – the former stemming from corporate acceptance of consultancy-influenced organizational prescriptions (business process reengineering, lean management, agile management etc.), and the latter from widespread adoption of digital communication innovations (BlackBerry, email, WhatsApp etc.) – we argue that to achieve a more rounded appreciation of such work ‘extensification’ attention must also be paid to agentic forces of strategic and political choice. Developing this argument, and acknowledging paradox when theorizing spatio-temporal change, we suggest future research on managerial employment must entail documenting not only factors influencing the stretching and breaching of work boundaries, but also – given incipient political regulations and innovative surveillance technologies – others serving to strengthen and protect them, notably those directed at improving work–life balance and physical/psychological health. © The Author(s) 2021.
Climate change is impacting virtually all marine life. Adaptation strategies will require a robust understanding of the risks to species and ecosystems and how those propagate to human societies. We develop a unified and spatially explicit index to comprehensively evaluate the climate risks to marine life. Under high emissions (SSP5-8.5), almost 90% of ~25,000 species are at high or critical risk, with species at risk across 85% of their native distributions. One tenth of the ocean contains ecosystems where the aggregated climate risk, endemism and extinction threat of their constituent species are high. Climate change poses the greatest risk for exploited species in low-income countries with a high dependence on fisheries. Mitigating emissions (SSP1-2.6) reduces the risk for virtually all species (98.2%), enhances ecosystem stability and disproportionately benefits food-insecure populations in low-income countries. Our climate risk assessment can help prioritize vulnerable species and ecosystems for climate-adapted marine conservation and fisheries management efforts. © 2022, Crown.
Deputy Ministers in Canada play a critical role in defining all aspects of policy and operations for their respective departments and also contribute significantly to their government's collective initiatives. While there exists a solid understanding of the roles and functions of Deputy Ministers, there is little perception of how individuals actually shape the position in terms of time management. Understanding how senior executives in Canadian public service organize their time is critical to an appreciation of how they prioritize their functions. Using results from a 2020 survey, this study documents how Deputy Ministers in Canada divide their weeks in terms of personal work and meetings. This study goes further to discern a taxonomy of five time-allocation styles of Deputy Ministers: Operational, Balanced, Managerial, Strategic and HR-Focused. © 2022 Institute of Public Administration of Canada.
The sustainable development and utilization of sandy areas in arid and semiarid regions is of strategic importance to ensure both food and ecological security. The unique geographical environment of these areas and uncontrolled exploitation by farmers lead to large amounts of fragmented cropland. Despite government management, the quantity and distribution of these fragmented croplands is unknown, and accurate identification of the region’s fragmented croplands can provide data to support the sustainable use of sandy areas. We propose a method for identifying fragmented cropland based on scale transformation. Small-scale fragmented cropland is approximately represented at larger scales, so we apply small-scale high-resolution remote sensing images to identify features and obtain information at a large scale, i.e., the ratio of fragmented cropland area. By correcting the cropland areas identified from low-resolution remote sensing images and using them as the basis for the resulting calculation, more accurate identification can be 1 at a large scale. In this study, this method was applied based on remote sensing images with 0.54 and 30 m resolutions that were acquired during the same period, using Horqin Zuoyihou Banner as the study area. The results showed that (1) there was 13,637.08 hm2 of fragmented cropland in Horqin Zuoyihou Banner due to precipitation and terrain topography, mainly in the central and western regions and 2) identification at the sample point scale and plot scale were positively correlated in area and showed a consistent distribution. Therefore, accurate and efficient identification of fragmented cropland can be achieved through scale transformation. Copyright © 2022 Sang, Liang, Zheng, Wang, Xu and Liu.
The relationships between the Green Management Style (GMS) and Natural Environment Protection Strategies (NEPS) are rarely explored in scientific research. The nature of these relations is not fully explained in management sciences, and although these connections are important determinants for the choice between temporary and Sustainable Development (SD) in business organizations, they are accompanied by research gaps. The first research gap is recognized qualitatively in the literature review, which indicates the scarcity of theoretical research in the areas of NEPS and the GMS concerning Sustainable Development Goals (SGDs). The second quantitative research gap is dedicated to the rarity of empirical studies among business organizations engaged in NEPS and the GMS’s implementation. The third qualitative research gap lies in the difficulty of translating scientific assumptions from the theoretical background into business practice. This paper aims to present and explore the indicated research gaps and propose a theoretical model of the relationships between the GMS and NEPS. The adopted method used in this article is a Systematic Literature Review (SLR) supported by a bibliometric study performed in VOSviewer software. The results of the present study of relationships between the GMS and NEPS are explained by the Green Integrity Model (GIM). The green integrity between the researched elements can influence organizations’ decision-making processes related to development path directions, social and environmental responsibility, workers’ engagement, strategy communication, and organizational performance. In terms of the relationships between NEPS and the GMS, this can be seen as a part of the manner in which business organizations self-regulate. © 2022 by the authors.
In this paper, waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) is collected both with online and traditional methods in a reverse channel. We obtain a quantity for recycling based on online popularity and reference price by considering their impact on consumer recycling behaviors. On this basis, we build a Stackelberg game model in which the recycling dealer acts as the leader and the recycler acts as the follower in a reverse supply chain. We explore a combination contract comprising a revenue cost-sharing contract and a two-part tariff contract to enhance the performance of the reverse supply chain with a dual channel. The conclusion shows that the reference price degree can alleviate the recycling channel’s conflict in order to improve the operation efficiency of the reverse supply chain. The well-designed coordination mechanism enables the perfect coordination of the entire supply chain system. © 2022 by the authors.
Engaging in strategic planning may help leaders of community sport organizations (CSOs) to develop strategic thinking as well as build capacity to sustain and expand their programs despite environmental uncertainty. This study proposes a framework for understanding how the membership growth strategies of CSOs are shaped based on their environment. Semi-structured interviews with presidents of CSOs, alongside analysis of strategic plan documents, were used to identify strategic imperatives that CSO leaders considered when formulating their organizational strategies. These imperatives were grouped into two dimensions: organizational readiness for growth and environmental dynamism. These dimensions were then juxtaposed to create a matrix of four strategic approaches: Trailblazers, Enhancers, Maintainers, and Carers. Each approach is described in detail and implications for strategic management in community sport are discussed. © 2022 Human Kinetics, Inc.
Exporting is the most common mode of entry when firms want to expand their operations via internationalisation. In this study, a comparison of the exporting performance between firms in a developed country, New Zealand, and an emerging country, Indonesia, is undertaken. The study aims to better understand the relationship between firm performance and exporting decisions, and whether performance is a result of the firms’ strategic choice or environmental pressure. Exporting firms from both New Zealand and Indonesia were targeted with a self-administered survey, and the companies involved ranged from low to high internationalised industries. Eighty-seven useable questionnaires were received from company owners and export managers, with 52 coming from New Zealand exporters and 35 from Indonesia. Regression analysis was conducted with the focus on two iterations, with the first being a test of the overall model, and the second iteration comparing the model to New Zealand and Indonesia data separately. With respect to the overall model, the study found that strategic choice is the significant factor when being compared to environmental pressure. When comparing differences between Indonesian and New Zealand exporters, the study found that the export performance of Indonesian firms was significantly linked between strategic choice and the age of the firm. The study indicates that as Indonesian firms mature, they improve the flexibility of their management systems to allow better strategic responses to international business opportunities. For New Zealand companies, the situation changes somewhat, with environmental uncertainty and the length of time to internationalise, being negatively associated with export performance. The less uncertainty of the environment and the less experience of the firm in the international market, the higher the export performance of New Zealand firms. With respect to different industries, firms that operate in highly internationalised industries can be pulled by the size and strength of industry networks, such as support from the association representing the industry. © 2022, The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management.
Although recent circular economy literature has emphasized the strategic role played by circular product design in private sector organizations, strategic management literature has so far overlooked the management implications of integrating circular economy strategies into new or existing products. As a result, the implementation of circular product design in private sector organizations remains unclear. The present paper aims to describe the managerial factors necessary for the implementation of value retention strategies during design and to designate a range of conditions under which each factor may arise. Examples of implementation processes (n = 24) were collected via expert interviews and compiled within a comprehensive framework based on general morphological analysis. Hence, implementation processes are represented as a combination of a limited number of process conditions. The framework is also used to describe a taxonomy of process configurations using hierarchical clustering, which indicates a strong influence of corporate sustainability maturity profiles in the implementation configurations observed. The contents of the present work help bridge the gap between strategic management and circular product design literature by providing the building blocks necessary for the integration of value-retention strategies during product planning and development. © 2022 The Author(s)
A green marketing strategy must emphasise at least three aspects: environmentally friendly products that satisfy customer needs, consumers' perceptions of a firm's commitment to products and the environment, and competitive product prices (Menon and Menon, 1997). First, we propose a dynamic programming model to develop the aforementioned strategy for a trade-off among product price, customer environmental volunteering (CEV), and corporate environmental responsibility (CER). Second, we solve the Hamilton–Jacobi–Bellman (HJB) equations to obtain optimal strategies in scenarios with and without government subsidies. Third, we implement a case study on The Walt Disney Company to verify these optimal strategies. Last, we conduct parameter sensitivity analyses using numerical simulations to draw some practical implications. The results suggest that: (i) government subsidies can effectively enhance a firm's CER and CEV investments, corporate reputations, product prices, and profits, which will encourage the firm to contribute more to its environmental initiatives; (ii) regardless of the height of the initial corporate reputation level, a firm should not engage in myopic thinking and ignore continuous corporate reputation management, which will damage its reputation and profits; and (iii) corporate reputation management should be a firm's long-term strategy with continuous investments. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The aim of this paper is to analyze COVID-19 crisis management from the perspective of organizational resilience. An empirical study was conducted from April to June 2020 in one French hospital in Paris. The study focused on the organizational changes implied by the ‘all COVID-19 strategy’, the success factors facilitating the organizational resilience, and the difficulty factors. We show that organizational resilience in this case was based on a link between the anticipation and adaptation processes. This capacity for resilience can also be organized using an original structure that connects strategic decisions with the reality on the ground, takes account of the demands and constraints of operational actors, and offers them the necessary support. The description and analysis of real work carried out by operational actors illustrates the contribution made by expertize to organizational resilience, and the social dynamics of the adaptation process. Finally, the emotional aspects, rarely featured in the literature, are highlighted as an intrinsic element of a crisis. The results will provide evidence to help better understand crisis management and feedback to strengthen the management of future crises. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pacific salmon (Oncorhynchus spp.) support coastal and freshwater ecosystems, economies and cultures, but many populations have declined. We used priority threat management (PTM), a decision-support framework for prioritizing conservation investments, to identify management strategies that could support thriving populations of wild salmon over 25 years. We evaluated the potential benefits of 14 strategies spanning fisheries, habitat, pollution, pathogens, hatcheries and predation management dimensions on 19 conservation units (CUs)—genetically and ecologically distinct populations—of the five Pacific salmon species in the lower Fraser River, British Columbia, Canada. The PTM assessment indicated that under the current trajectory of ‘business as usual’, zero CUs were predicted to have >50% chance of thriving in 25 years. Implementation of all management strategies at an annual investment between 45 and 110 million CAD was, however, predicted to achieve >50% chance of thriving for most CUs (n = 16), with nearly half (seven CUs) having a > 60% chance, indicating there is a pathway towards recovery for most populations if we invest now. In fact, substantial gains could be made by investing in five combined habitat strategies, costing 20M CAD annually. These habitat strategies were estimated to bring 14 of 19 salmon CUs above this 50% threshold. Co-governance between First Nation and provincial and federal Canadian governments to manage salmon populations and harvest, and improved CU-level monitoring emerged from the expert elicitation as critical ‘enabling’ strategies. By improving the feasibility of different management options, co-governance brought an additional five CUs above the 60% threshold. Synthesis and applications. Supporting wild salmon in the face of cumulative threats will require strategic investment in effective management strategies, as identified by this priority threat management (PTM) assessment. PTM uses the best available data to objectively assess the potential outcomes of management alternatives. With renewed commitments from provincial and federal Canadian governments to protect and restore salmon populations and their habitats, positive conservation outcomes following implementation of targeted management strategies may be within reach. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Applied Ecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Ecological Society.
In nature-based destinations, tourism development and the preservation of natural resources are difficult issues for managers to reconcile. In a sustainable tourism approach, they try to involve the various stakeholders, and more particularly the visitors, to find the best possible balance. The research conducted to date often opposes residents and tourists regarding their expectations of a natural site and the pro-environmental behaviours they are willing to adopt. This study seeks to overcome this binary opposition by adopting a cluster analysis based on the expectations of the visitors regarding the management of the place (Brittany, France). The results reveal a more complex reality incorporating four clusters: the hardliners, the pleasure-seekers, the protectors, and the wilderness champions. Within these clusters, there is consistency between preservation expectations and the adoption of pro-environmental behaviours. These results are discussed, and research avenues are proposed. Management implications: • Conflicting preferences regarding seaside development and environmental management constitute an enormous problem to face. • Cluster analysis determines diverging preferences among visitors for further strategic development. • Four possible criteria for managers facing this situation: • (1) following the views of the largest cluster or (2) giving priority to visitors who are the most environmentally friendly • Or (3) placing inhabitants’ expectations first or (4) putting sense of place as a guideline for decision making. • o placing inhabitants' expectations first. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The relationship between drivers and outcomes in technological and social systems is usually difficult to interpret. Pairwise direct impacts between variables can be defined by cross-impact matrices. In research, direct impact matrices' row and column sums are primarily utilized to identify critical, influential, dependent, neuter, and inert variables. In this paper, all existing direct and indirect impact paths between variables are considered, with the aims of finding conditions under which the rank order remains stable (i.e., stable equilibrium state exists) and showing the difference between direct impact matrix and stable state matrix. It is shown numerically that the rank order and thus the categorization of variables can change significantly. A stable state does not always exist, but more direct impacts between variables reduce the risk of instability. The proposed method can support management in strategic planning and decision-making: Management should strive for a stable state that serves to determine the rank order on which informed decisions are based. Caution should be exercised when no stable state exists because the variables cannot be categorized, making the system uncontrollable. Management is advised to incorporate additional impact paths between variables into the system—assuming they were incomplete—which ideally establish a stable state. © 2022 The Authors
In this paper, we assess the development of financial participation schemes, employee share ownership and profit-sharing in selected European countries and the degree to which they are correlated with strategic human resource management, and industrial relations, that is collective bargaining, unionization and works councils, and national context. This study adds a more dynamic perspective to the literature on the incidence of financial participation by using a longitudinal approach rarely found before. Our hypotheses are based on the theoretical frameworks of strategic human resource management (HRM), industrial relations and institutional approach. We use data drawn from the waves of the Cranet surveys on Human Resource Management: 1999/2000, 2005/06, 2010/11 and 2015/16. We find that both time and national location are important. The national context matters in particularly for profit-sharing and less for employee share ownership. For both forms of financial participation, the country regulative context is also more important than industrial relations factors and HRM strategies. In general, industrial relation factors gain importance over time and become more important than the HRM strategy for employee share ownership (ESO) but not for profit-sharing (PS). In general, over the whole period, commitment HRM is more important for the incidence of ESO and PS than control HRM, but the relative importance of these strategies varies per year. © 2021 The Authors. British Journal of Industrial Relations published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This study explores the institutional reasons for and logical mechanism of the Chinese government’s rapid positive results and major strategic achievements in coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic prevention and control. Based on the ROST Content Mining System version 6.0 (ROST) and VOSviewer V1.6.1 (VOSviewer), we conduct an econometric visualization analysis of COVID-19 pandemic prevention and control policies to explore which strengths of Chinese political institutions have been brought into play by the Chinese government and how to systematically analyze the approaches by which these strengths support effective public governance. The findings show that: (1) “institutional strength”, “medical terminology”, “policy content”, “policy implementation object”, “policy implementation requirement”, and “policy-making and implementation actor” are the six groups of high-frequency keywords in prevention and control policies. (2) The occurrences, links, and total link strength of the seven Chinese institutional strength keywords are very high. These results mean that the Chinese government has made full use of its institutional strengths to prevent and control COVID-19. These findings indicate that institutional strengths are critical to public health crisis prevention and control. They also illustrate that institutional strength is the prerequisite and key factor for achieving effective governance in the policy process. Scientific policymaking, efficient policy implementation, and strict oversight are undeniably necessary for effective governance during public health crises. © 2022 by the authors.
Involving stakeholders in organizational decisions is essential in the present sustainability movement, associated with the social license to operate and specific forms of communication in, from and about organizations with an impact orientation. This paper introduces a concept of strategic problematization of sustainability for transformation as innovative approach to Public Relations (PR), acknowledging the plurality of agonistic voices in stakeholder engagement processes in social, cultural and environmental transformations and challenging the normative concept of dialogue and solution- and consensus-oriented approaches to date. The article discusses the transformative potential of PR by reframing dissent and introducing problematization as ability to agonize and, therefore, as key process of constructive strategic communication for sustainable development. Three conversational procedures in water (scarcity) management on a local, national and international level were chosen to explore the potential of strategic problematization in relation to sustainability as normative framework of today’s society. The implications of the case studies and the conceptual framework expand existing engagement theories with a critical perspective and manifest the transformative potential of PR for a sustainable future. © The Author(s) 2021.
Many important decisions are increasingly being made with the help of information systems that use artificial intelligence and machine learning models. These computational models are designed to discover useful patterns from large amounts of data, which augment human capabilities to make decisions in various application domains. However, there are growing concerns regarding the ethics challenges faced by these automated decision-making (ADM) models, most notably on the issue of algorithmic bias, in which the models systematically produce less favorable (i.e., unfair) decisions for certain groups of people. In this commentary, we argue that algorithmic bias is not just a technical (e.g., computational or statistical) problem, and its successful resolution requires deep insights into individual and organizational behavior, economic incentives, as well as complex dynamics of the sociotechnical systems in which the ADM models are embedded. We discuss a human-centric, fairness-aware ADM framework that highlights the holistic involvement of human decision makers in each step of ADM. We review the emerging literature on fairness-aware machine learning and then discuss various strategic decisions that humans need to make, such as formulating proper fairness objectives, recognizing fairness-induced trade-offs and implications, utilizing machine learning model outputs, and managing/governing the decisions of ADM models. We further illustrate how these strategic decisions are jointly informed by behavioral, economic, and design sciences. Our discussions reveal a number of future research opportunities uniquely suitable for Management Information Systems (MIS) researchers to pursue. © 2022 Association for Computing Machinery. All rights reserved.
In the context of today's dynamic world with the development of technology, running a green-oriented business for long-term viability is no longer an option, particularly for businesses in general and small-medium enterprises (SMEs) for long-term viability and sustainability. The present research examines the relationship between corporate green strategy and sustainable firm performance for SMEs by exploring the mediating role of corporate social responsibility and green innovation in the given context in an emerging economy. This study applies a quantitative approach by using a well-structured questionnaire for data collection. The target respondents were managers at senior and middle levels. There were 469 valid responses obtained from the main survey. The final data was included in the analysis using Smart PLS (version 3.3.2) Structural Equation Modelling (SEM) to investigate the relationships between constructs and latent variables and provides an extension to the current literature by providing an integrated model of corporate green strategy, green corporate social responsibility, green innovation and sustainable firm performance. In addition, the model's application to the emerging economy reinforces the originality of this study. This study therefore provides an integration of “three green” elements in a model which is also unexplored by the extant literature. Specifically, green strategy, green corporate social responsibility and green innovation are integrated, aiming to facilitate enterprises, improve environmental performance, enhance sustainable competitive advantages and achieve firm sustainability. Moreover, this study provides strategic thinking for long-term business development towards a sustainable balance of economic, social and environmental benefits, through which business leaders are encouraged to consider practical actions carefully to improve environmental performance as this is certain to develop business competitiveness and achieve sustainable business performance. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Changes in the economic structure and human lifestyle lead to environmental pollution, one of today's prime challenges. With this in mind, the main objectives of this study are to evaluate the impacts of economic complexity, natural resources, renewable energy consumption, and foreign direct investment on the ecological footprint in weak, medium, and high levels of institutional quality countries from 1995 to 2017, according to with data availability. This study is probably one of the first studies to examine the effect of the economic complexity on ecological footprint and classify countries based on their institutional quality levels. Furthermore, the interaction of economic complexity and natural resource rents is considered as a new variable. For this purpose, the panel vector autoregressive model is used. The results revealed that economic complexity in all countries has a positive impact on ecological footprint, and also it has the greatest impact on ecological footprint among the considered variables. Conversely, the interaction of economic complexity and natural resources contributes to environmental quality. Notably, the impacts of study variables on ecological footprint vary in countries with different levels of institutional quality. According to the study's outcomes, the main recommendation is the R&D activities improvement to develop eco-friendly technologies and clean energy infrastructure, and transition to a clean industry pattern, which helps to improve environmental quality. Meanwhile, more strategic policies are recommended to policymakers based on the institutional quality levels of countries. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Internationalisation begins with companies’ decision to enter global markets to develop knowledge and experience as key competitive factors in the global economy, which has been the subject of much empirical research. Decision-making, knowledge management, and effective internationalisation have become key strategic tools for all companies, especially for small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). This study wants to provide a framework for SMEs internationalisation based on the real options theory, (ROT) as a knowledge driver method. For this purpose, the effective factors for internationalisation were identified by reviewing the literature on the subject and the internal and external backgrounds of the subject. Then, main and sub-factors were prioritised by the fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (AHP) method. The statistical population consisted of senior managers, business managers of SMEs in Isfahan, Iran, who were eligible to enter this study. Twenty-six experts participated in this study by judgmental non-random sampling method. A fuzzy AHP questionnaire was prepared in the form of 19 sub-factors and 7 main factors. The components of each factor in each group were also ranked by experts, and their weights were obtained. Next, according to the ROT strategies which have 5 options, an alignment matrix was used to align the factors affecting the decision with the strategies. After answering the research question, the option that had a higher mode was considered AS; then, this score was multiplied by the weight obtained in the previous step and the TAS was obtained. Finally, strategies were classified as appropriate, need further investigation, and inappropriate. © 2021, The Author(s).
Change triggered by natural hazards such as pluvial and coastal floods, sea-level rise as well as risks resulting from water scarcity are highly dynamic and related to the effects of ongoing climate change. Whether and how societies adapt, adjust, change, or transform because of climate change and related risks, is a currently debated topic. This question demands revisiting and comprehensively addressing existing theoretical foundations of transformations in risk management strategies and in risk governance to find effective ways to deal with climate change effects and their social consequences. Hence, the paper discusses current developments in transformation research and exemplifies this discussion with four interdisciplinary cases, which the co-authors reported in previous publications. Findings from Austria include a governance change within flood risk management related to zonation. Relocation in Indonesia and Kiribati showcases its cultural, behavioural as well as economic implications. Water scarcity in South Africa underlines the importance of behavioural change to enable the structural storage of rainwater. This paper analyses aspects of adjustment or transformation in these four examples. This may inform risk managers, decision-makers, practitioners, and planners dealing with natural hazards related to climate change how to conceptualise their (re-)actions. © 2022 The Authors
The purpose of this study is to explore when win‒win lean practices can be combined with auditing mechanisms, specifically when adopting the combination of the two. In it, we investigate which capabilities are produced and how they build a stronger control system and produce a greater control force for supplier involvement in the development of the lean practices environment. Does the control force have a positive effect on raising resilience and further realizing the targets of sustainable supplier management? The resource-based view (RBV) is an important theoretical basis for this study. Covariance-based Structural Equation Modelling (CB-SEM) is the main method applied to analyse data from 231 Chinese manufacturers to test and verify the research questions. To test and verify the research questions with CB-SEM before, we test and measure the validity and reliability of the constructs through factor loadings, composite reliability (CR), and average variance extracted (AVE). In addition, we also verify the discriminant validity through the Fornell-Lacker criterion and Cross Loadings and test the multicollinearity. We use AMOS and SPSS 23.0 as our analysis tools. According to the test results, win‒win lean practices can increase supplier dependence on leading companies or manufacturers. It can drive supplier involvement in the formulation of a lean practice environment, expand control over suppliers, produce greater visibility, and further have a positive effect on resilience. In addition, when combined with auditing mechanisms, dependency will drive suppliers to cooperate with auditing practices and reduce their resistance, increase their involvement in the formulation of lean practice environments, further promoting resilience. In addition, dependency and auditing intervention will induce or even raise stakeholder pressure, which can usually maintain the supplier’s cooperation. Finally, dependence, positive intervention, and stakeholder pressure can be deemed strategic resources or capabilities. Based on the above, a cycle between three will be formulated and become a stronger control system, producing greater control force to continue maintaining supplier involvement. It will produce a positive effect to enhance resilience and further realize sustainable supplier management. Copyright © 2022 Qin and Chen.
Supply chain management has attracted business interest in recent years. This interest is also driven by the development and spread of e-commerce technology. Because e-commerce is a relatively new phenomenon in business, little research has been done on its impact on supply chain relationships. E-commerce allows supply chain management to make collective decisions considering the interests of relationships with diverse and often competitive trading partners. The e-commerce environment is difficult to predict due to the vast availability of information and changing market dynamics. Management can deal with uncertainty more effectively when focusing on administrative partnerships as part of their corporate strategy. This quantitative and qualitative study with e-commerce businesspeople aims to: 1) highlight the strategic and tactical importance of supply chain assessment in e-commerce; and 2) describe future research opportunities in this new multidisciplinary approach. © 2022 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Large numbers of Urban Air Mobility (UAM) vehicles are expected to operate in urban airspace in the near future, exceeding the capacities of current airspace and Air Traffic Management (ATM) systems. This paper presents an air traffic assignment framework for 3D air transport networks in urban airspace to enable UAM operations at future demand levels. The individual vehicle dynamics are aggregated to describe the overall flow feature in this macroscopic model. Firstly, UAM operations are modeled as flows and structured in a three-dimensional two-way air transport network. Then, a complexity optimal air traffic assignment in urban airspace is formulated as an optimization problem. Based upon the Linear Dynamical System (LDS), a novel complexity metric is defined as objective function, which takes into account dynamic flow structure, congestion, and operational efficiency. A two-phase approach combining Simulated Annealing (SA) and Dafermos’ Algorithm (DA) is introduced to efficiently solve this problem. To validate the proposed model, a case study of an air transport network in Singapore's urban airspace with two different demands is conducted. Comparative studies are carried out between the proposed algorithm and other widely used traffic assignment algorithms. The results show that the proposed approach is capable of assigning flows in an efficient and effective manner, reducing the complexity of the air transport network significantly. The results also show that optimizing the flow pattern reduces total complexity by 90.44%±0.53% and 92.12%±0.35% with 95% confidence interval, respectively in two scenarios. The framework may be useful for Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSP) in strategic planning for UAM operations and urban airspace design. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Environmental guidelines and principles of sustainable development are becoming increasingly popular and are a priority for most business areas. One of the widely developing eco-destinations is green tourism, which is gaining a profitable and priority status, especially for lower middle-income countries. The purpose of the article is to determine the strategic marketing support for the development of green tourism on the example of Ukraine and its regions based on an approach to its assessment in terms of environmental and tourism competitiveness. METHODS: The authors used general scientific and specific methods: comparative, critical and system analysis, synthesis to search and group indicators of ecological and tourism competitiveness. Distance method, ranking, economic and statistical analysis were implemented to analyze the green tourism potential in each region in Ukraine and reveal the leaders and outsiders among them. For the accumulation, processing, visualization of data and forming the matrix of green tourism, based on data for 2015-2019, potential Microsoft Excel, Figma and Canva tools, Harrington scale were applied. FINDINGS: The approach to estimate the green tourism potential based on the ecological and tourism regional competitiveness according to the author's list of 37 indicators were proposed, the matrixes of green tourism potential of Ukrainian regions in 2019 and 2020 were developed, and strategic marketing support according to sustainable development for green tourism business were proposed. Strategic marketing support of green tourism development in Ukrainian regions was defined based on ecological and marketing strategies. CONCLUSION: The author's approach makes it possible to systematically assess the potential of green tourism using up-to-date statistical information. According to the tourism and environmental competitiveness rating, the regions with the most significant and worst potential were found. The positive dynamics of the development of green tourism in 2019-2020 were revealed. The results are the basis for providing comprehensive environmental and marketing support to ensure sustainable development and gain additional competitive advantages in the green tourism business. © 2022 GJESM. All Rights Reserved.
Copper is a strategic resource to support China's low carbon transition and economic development. China must meet its high copper demand with its limited copper reserve, indicating that it is essential to promote sustainable copper resource management by encouraging secondary copper supply. However, both primary and secondary copper production result in significant environmental impacts. Thus, it is urgent to evaluate such impacts so that appropriate mitigation pathways can be identified. This study conducts life cycle assessment (LCA) at the corporate level to measure the environmental impacts of both primary and secondary copper production. Results show that the total environmental impact from secondary copper production accounted for 7.7%–14.3% of that from primary copper production. Human carcinogenic toxicity is the most significant environmental impact for both primary and secondary copper production. Electricity is the dominant contributor to such environmental impacts. Factors that lead to such environmental impacts are also identified, suggesting that it is critical to increase secondary copper production. Finally, several policy recommendations are proposed to facilitate sustainable copper resource management in China. © 2022
Purpose: This paper aims to build a new bridge between the literature in organizational behavior and the micro-foundations of strategy. The authors elaborate the concept of strategic voice, studying the extent to which employees express their strategic recommendations. Design/methodology/approach: The authors gathered data from employees and supervisors of three distinct organizations, measuring determinants and outcomes of strategic voice, as compared to promotive voice. Findings: Strategic voice is empirically distinct from promotive voice and predicted by opportunity/threat recognition, perceived organizational support and strategic voice opportunity. It has, surprisingly, either positive or negative effects on performance, through the mediation of supervisors' perceptions of strategic voice and the moderation of employee satisfaction with pay and career. Research limitations/implications: Unlike traditionally assumed by strategy research, employees at any level engage in strategic voice with considerable frequency. Yet, paradoxically, under certain conditions, strategic voice could harm individual performance, although potentially benefiting organizations. Managers could either value employees' strategic voice or perceive it negatively, raising the salience to fully comprehend this behavior. Practical implications: Organizations should embrace practices that encourage employees to express their strategic opinions, give them access to resources to properly form their strategic opinions and ensure management considers employees' recommendations. Originality/value: While scholars in the micro-foundations of strategy have theorized that strategy can emerge from the contribution of individuals, there has been no evidence, to date, on how each employee can contribute to strategy formulation. This paper is original as it fills this gap. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This paper investigates the case of a hybrid organization located in Northern Italy with the aim of providing an understanding of the role of the context, defined in terms of ‘place’ and ‘time’, in shaping organizational changes. A dynamic institutional approach focused on both ‘place’ and ‘time’ as key explanatory factors can provide a valuable framework to understand both the changing institutional demands on the firm and the rationalities behind the changes that occur at organizational, strategic and governance level. Consequently, this paper aims to contribute to the institutional logics literature by describing how these two contextual elements can be used to interpret institutional logic pressures on the organization under investigation as well as govern changes at micro level. The results indicate that the changes were produced by dynamics that are exogenous and endogenous to the organization in the case study and strongly influenced by the context in which it operates. The paper also highlights how changes in terms of service provision, accountability and organizational setting are the results of the ‘place’ and ‘time’ in which these events occur. © 2021, The Author(s).
Although disruptive “Industry 4.0” technologies often lack a clear business case, vendors are advocating and companies are actively exploring their use in operations settings. The technology management literature suggests that successful adoption derives from an appropriate fit between the specific technology and (1) economic and strategic factors, (2) operational and supply chain factors, and (3) organizational and behavioral factors. Through a five-year research project, we explore how drones—an archetypal emerging technology supported by a thriving vendor ecosystem—transitioned from early ideas to experimental applications to full adoption in daily operations. We analyze a range of data, including exploratory interviews with drone ecosystem actors, a secondary dataset, and case studies of drone applications in Geberit and IKEA. Key findings relate to our observation that technology adoption patterns for emerging technologies do not always follow the traditional linear logic of technology fit. We find that emerging technologies are characterized by a dynamic interaction between technology push from a thriving ecosystem and market pull from companies exploring meaningful operational and business value using the concept of “use case.” Based on these findings, we contribute to the technology management literature with an alternative technology adoption framework for emerging “Industry 4.0” technologies. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Operations Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Association for Supply Chain Management, Inc.
The blockchain is essentially a shared database, and the data stored is unforgeable, open and transparent, which may allow the retailers adopting the blockchain technology to attract more consumers by making product information more transparent, while it also leads to the risk of consumers privacy leakage due to storing the corresponding consumers’ personal information. In order to study the impact of blockchain technology on competitive retailers’ strategic pricing, we establish a retailer competition model including an initial retailer and an entrant retailer both of whom can decide whether to apply the blockchain technology. We obtain the optimal prices and corresponding profits of the two retailers when applying and not applying blockchain, respectively, and find that consumer privacy concerns decline both retailers’ prices and profits when adopting blockchain technology because consumer privacy concerns lower consumers’ valuations of products, thereby reducing demand. Furthermore, we analyze the two retailers’ equilibrium strategies of the application of blockchain technology, which suggests that it is not always beneficial for retailers to adopt blockchain technology in all situations. Both retailers will apply blockchain only when consumer privacy concerns are lower and information transparency promotion is higher because higher information transparency promotion increases consumers’ willingness to pay, which exceeds the cost of consumers privacy concerns. On the contrary, when consumer privacy concerns are higher and information transparency promotion is lower, neither retailer will apply blockchain technology. Interestingly, when both consumer privacy concerns and information transparency promotion are medium, the initial retailer will apply blockchain technology and the entrant retailer will not because consumers’ higher trust in initial retailer allows the initial retailer can bear higher cost of consumers privacy concerns which is hard to undertake for the new entrant retailer when information transparency promotion is medium. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: The objective of this paper is to propose a systematic application of Lean Healthcare in the hospitalization activity in the medical clinic entry process. Design/methodology/approach: The methodology used is established in three stages: the first aims to map the process in which the focus activity is inserted, using lean tools, as well as integrating the employees involved in the application. The second is the proposal to apply the systematic, together with the employees, using the A3 tool step by step. Finally, the third stage confirms the applied systematic, collecting the results and analyzing the initial situation with those reached. Findings: As a result, improvements were made in the medical clinic entry process, such as reduced waiting time for patients, at approximately 53.8%, with a decrease in the standard deviation of the times – of approximately 79.14%, and displacement of those involved, of 72%, in addition to eliminating unnecessary activities for the process. Furthermore, the empirical results on the efficiency of this systemic application in medical clinic enable the replication of this proposal, generating a systematic. Research limitations/implications: Despite establishing a systematic proposal with real results, it is focused on only one application, due to time limitations, may generate a subjective evaluation of the systematic. Thus, for future research, it is recommended to expand this systemic application in other activities of different processes. Practical implications: The practical implications of this paper are precisely related to the data obtained with the application made, developing a Lean Healthcare systematic not previously seen, which is strategic, systemic and has a roadmap to assist in its application and, in addition, brings with it practical results that prove their efficiency. Social implications: The social implications of this paper are presented in its empirical results, considering that the study hospital serves, in addition to its host city, 28 other smaller municipalities around it, improving the flow of processes, ensuring better management of the clinic doctor. In addition, the results can assist the processes flow of other medical clinics in hospitals around the world, especially at critical moments, such as pandemics or epidemics. Originality/value: Due to the positive results obtained in the systematic application, this paper fills a gap identified in the literature, proposing a systematic application of Lean Healthcare that is systemic and strategic, in addition to including a roadmap and analysis of data applied in a medium-sized Brazilian hospital, presenting positive practical results exposed in the paper. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: In the intellectual capital literature, no studies have examined the causal relationship between Italian Fintech companies' performance and intellectual capital, especially the impact of digital industrialization on human capital. This paper aims to fill this gap in measuring human capital efficiency in the Italian Fintech market. Design/methodology/approach: The authors adopt Pulic's model and define the intellectual capital through three components (human capital, structural capital and capital employed) and perform an exploratory analysis of the Italian Fintech companies by using principal component analysis. Then the authors investigate the effects of the intellectual capital and its components on the Italian Fintech companies' performance by using parametric and nonparametric regression models. Findings: Results of regression models reveal that human capital and employed capital are positively related to the companies' performance, except for the structural capital. Research limitations/implications: The study focuses on the Italian level, and future research could be extended to different European countries or to the global Fintech market. Moreover, it is advised to explore more components that contribute to intellectual capital measurement inside the companies operating in the 4.0 industrial revolution, such as the innovative capital and the relational capital. Practical implications: This study proposes a new vision for managerial procedures to find which features are critical for achieving profitability in this digital era. The study offers interesting reflections on the management decisions for both companies and public decision-makers. Results suggest that, among intellectual capital components, human capital plays a strategic role for the knowledge-intensive companies that are interested in potentiating their performance and competitiveness. Furthermore, this study finds that human capital is critical factor for achieving profitability in this digital era. Social implications: The Fintech sector is one that most benefited from the Digital Revolution, and if it is adequately managed, it can bring great benefits in terms of major employment, especially for the young population, and bring major financial inclusiveness all over the world. Originality/value: This is the first study that examines the Italian Fintech market and analyzes the dependence relationship between companies' performance and intellectual capital components, identifying the role of human capital in a new completely digital sector. The analysis findings are strategic for the business decisions-making process. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: The proposal is to answer the following question: based on previous studies, which are the new paths and challenges related to the circular economy (CE) and Industry 4.0 (I4.0)? To answer this question, the research objective is to analyze studies approaching the interface between CE and I4.0. Design/methodology/approach: A systematic literature review (SLR) was conducted on previously published studies pertaining to Scopus and Web of Science bases, and 63 articles were found. Findings: The authors present five new paths and challenges amid the relationship between CE and I4.0: applying those technologies to clean production, using blockchain and big data in the circular supply chain, raising additive manufacturing impact on the CE, seek for a better understanding on how I4.0 technologies can properly support the CE in the stakeholders' view and discerning the factors for implementing those theoretical fields onto supply chains. Research limitations/implications: Previous studies' sample basis is still recent, lacking research depth. Search strings might have minimized the number of selected studies: there could be a bigger sample. Practical implications: Practical contributions of this study lay on the applicability of the raised propositions into several sectors' industries. Social implications: The authors suggest a transition agenda towards CE, using I4.0 technologies for operational, tactical and strategic personnel within organizations, as well as potential utilization strategies in specific study fields, like supply chain management and product manufacturing per se. Originality/value: The study presents new paths and challenges amid technologies pertaining to I4.0 and its interfaces with the CE. In the result presentation and analysis, the existing interfaces are described. © 2022, Tiago Hennemann Hilario da Silva and Simone Sehnem.
Energy and water are rapidly consumed as the most basic strategic resources of various nations. It is of vital importance to systematically explore the environmental and economic impacts of energy-water co-management policies. This study is to develop a multiperspective-driven factorial metabolic network analysis framework (MPDF) to (a) investigate the direct/indirect/total resource consumption response mechanisms induced by changes in production and consumption; (b) explore the factor interactions of different policies in diverse energy and water metabolic networks by initiating factorial analysis; (c) quantify the economic effects of co-management policies by proposing multiple vulnerability indicators. A typical energy-dependent region, Shanxi Province, China was selected as a case study. The results indicated that the production- and consumption-oriented policies have various guidelines for reducing direct and indirect energy–water consumption. Significant interactions in simulation results suggest synergistic effects across sectors. Considering that Shanxi's energy-water nexus economic vulnerability is as high as 2.22%, it is recommended to prioritize the allocation of resources to sectors with significant factor effects to avoid economic losses. Implementing corresponding resource conservation policies for light industry, machinery manufacturing, construction can reduce water consumption by 18.8%. The findings are expected to provide a solid scientific basis for formulating co-management strategies to alleviate resource scarcities. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Research Summary: The behavioral theory of the firm (BTOF) proposes that firm behavior is goal-directed and that organizational aspirations are a function of prior historical aspirations, past performance, and the performance of others. Despite the centrality of aspirations in the BTOF, little is known about aspiration formation and why firms favor one aspiration type over others, that is, attention rules. Drawing on the attention-based view, we posit that attention rules are shaped by environmental volatility over time and vary by locus of attention across firms. Data from US manufacturing firms managing their toxic chemical waste provide evidence for attention-rule adaptation. Managerial Summary: Firms must set aspirations, measure, and improve their toxic waste levels to avoid costly economic, regulatory, and environmental hazards. Although aspirations play a vital role in driving firm behavior, we still have limited understanding of how managers allocate their attention to various performance feedback during aspiration formation. We argue that attention allocation differs for managers across organizational hierarchy exposed to varying degrees of environmental volatility. Greater volatility of the business environment steers managerial attention from the performance of others toward their own historical aspirations. We also suggest that the attention of managers at higher levels of the organizational structure are directed from their own historical aspirations toward performance of others. We find corroborating evidence for our conjectures. © 2021 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Brand spillover, which arises frequently and increasingly, becomes a serious concern for well-known (strong) brand manufacturers, as some giant retailers may develop and sell their private (weak) brand products by sourcing from the same contract manufacturers as the strong brand manufacturers and disclosing such a relationship. To cope with such brand spillover, strong brand manufacturers may adopt contingent channel selling strategies. In this study, we investigate a co-opetitive supply chain wherein a weak brand retailer (she) ex-ante decides whether to implement the brand spillover strategy, whereas a strong brand manufacturer (he) determines channel selling strategies for his own-branded products. We specifically consider three channel formats for the strong brand manufacturer, namely, Scenarios R (i.e., the manufacturer sells his own-branded products only via the reselling channel), D (i.e., the manufacturer opts to establish the direct-selling channel and sells his own-branded products via dual channels), and S (i.e., the manufacturer sells his own-branded products only via the direct-selling channel), to explore the strategic interactions between the two firms. We find that regardless of whether the retailer implements the brand spillover strategy or not, any channel format (Scenario R, D, or S) could be dominant for the manufacturer, hinging on certain conditions. Moreover, we uncover that, compared with non-brand spillover, brand spillover can enhance the manufacturer's incentive to construct the direct-selling channel. Counterintuitively, we demonstrate that employing brand spillover strategy does not necessarily benefit the retailer when the direct-selling cost is moderate and the brand spillover level is weak; otherwise, the retailer will opt to do so. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In Mexico, the accelerated and unplanned growth of population causes the increment in informal facilities, complicating access to essential services such as adequate sanitation and organic waste management, where the most affected are usually the vulnerable population. The Mexican government has implemented programs and support to encourage the use of ecotechnologies and thus provide alternatives to improve their living conditions by taking advantage of local resources and waste. However, these programs and supports lack planning, creating little interest from users. This research proposes an acceptance strategy for the integration of ecotechnologies that adapt to the lifestyle of populations that need an alternative for their method of sanitation and organic waste management. The strategy is mainly based on a course of action that operates with four main lines of intervention. It was executed as a practical exercise with biodigesters, in the Mexican community of La Trinidad, in the municipality of Tequisquiapan, Querétaro. With the help of the strategy, important factors for the end-user were identified that must be considered when integrating one ecotechnology into the population. In general terms, the strategy showed an improvement in sanitation and organic waste management and a greater acceptance of biodigesters as an alternative of use. © 2022 by the authors.
This paper brings together socio-technical transitions theory with strategic foresight and human centred design. The aim is to bring in new methods for analysing the business model element of sustainability transitions. We propose a process for doing business model innovation work. Business models have become a key area of focus, particularly in the energy sector. Recent work shows how the development of new business models co-evolves with elements of the energy system, either driving technological innovation, changing user practices or placing pressure on the institutional or policy regime. At the same time, there is no recognised process for business model research aimed at transition management. It is time therefore to propose a more formalised and theoretically grounded approach to business model innovation work. We use this contribution to synthesise the lessons of a four-year research project centred on energy utility business models with industrial, commercial and government stakeholders. We describe the process adopted, and insights this process generated. We seek to establish this process in the literature, invite others to utilise it, adapt it and critique it. © 2022 The Authors
This paper considers a group of shared electric vehicles (SEV) that provide transport and energy services through a ride-sourcing platform. Under the novel business model, the transport and power networks are coupled and the resulting market equilibrium depends on the pricing strategies of the distribution network operator (DNO) and the SEV platform operator. To capture the interaction between the DNO and the SEV platform operator, we develop two market competition models, including (a) a Stackelberg competition model where the DNO makes the decision first and the SEV operator reacts accordingly, and (b) a Nash competition model where the DNO and the SEV operator make decisions simultaneously. The strategic interactions of the DNO and the SEV platform operator are analyzed over a coupled transport and power network, which captures the routing and discharging behaviors of EV drivers, the matching process between passengers and drivers, and the corresponding traveler and power flows. We analytically prove that the supply and demand equilibrium between travelers and EV drivers over the transport network always exists. We also numerically validate that the equilibrium solution between the SEV operator and the DNO is stable and unique. By varying the transport demands, we show that the SEV platform operator, the DNO and EV drivers always benefit from the discharge business even though passengers may be slightly worse off. Surprisingly, we find that integrating the discharging service will have diverse impacts on the cruising traffic depending on the demand levels of the transport service: under low demand level, it will reduce the cruising traffic; under medium demand level, it will increase the cruising traffic; under high demand level, it has no impact on the cruising traffic. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This paper targets a supply chain system consisting of a manufacturer and a retailer and studies the optimal dynamic carbon reduction, marketing, and coordination strategies under the cap-and-trade regulation with the presence of consumers’ environmental awareness. To this end, we first depict the dynamics of carbon emission in the supply chain and reveal the relationship between carbon accumulation and operational decisions. Then, we set up a differential game model under the cap-and-trade regulation and derive the optimal profits and decisions in decentralized, centralized, and cost-sharing scenarios, respectively. In the end, we also use the two-subsidy and revenue-sharing mechanism to coordinate the supply chain. After analyses and comparisons of the results, we can obtain some interesting results. The carbon trading price positively affects the manufacturer’s carbon reduction effort in all scenarios but exerts no influence on the retailer’s marketing effort in the decentralized and cost-sharing scenario. Only in the centralized scenario will the carbon trading price affect the retailer’s marketing decision and the retailer should decrease the marketing effort when the carbon trading price increases. Hence, the marketing effort in the centralized scenario may not always be the highest among these scenarios. We also find that full cooperation may not always help to reduce the carbon emission of the system, but the cost-sharing strategy is certain to reduce the carbon emission. Meanwhile, numerical analysis proves that when the revenue sharing rate is within a certain range, the two-subsidy and revenue-sharing mechanism will be able to perfectly coordinate the supply chain. © 2022 by the authors.
The lack of mutual communication and collaboration between academic research and management practice, and the limited implementation of the research findings in strategic and tactical decision-making in practice settings, known as the science-practice ‘gap’, remains an essential issue in management research. We challenge the primary focus on academics for the possibilities of bridging the gap by arguing that the picture remains incomplete without a closer look at the positions, perceptions, and attitudes of practicing managers toward the joint production of relevant management knowledge. Based on the inductive, grounded theory approach, we conducted a qualitative study of 47 practicing managers with different organizational and functional responsibilities across various industry sectors. Although practitioners perceived practice-engaged research design and execution, relevant management research, and benefits from complementary knowledge as enablers of fruitful science-practice collaboration, our emerging findings revealed limited trust, limited cognition, coping strategies, and heuristic information processing to be important barriers for practitioners that hamper the collaboration process. Relying on the cognitive and information processing framework and theory of the conservation of resources, we aimed to explain the antecedent of (un)successful collaboration on the practitioners' side, thus extending our understanding of the scholarship of integration. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Research Summary: Extant empirical work partitioning the variance in firm (business segment) profitability has identified industry, corporate parent, business segment, and time as key sources. However, this variance decomposition research stream has treated firms as atomistic, autonomous entities. We employ a fast-unfolding community-detection algorithm to detect firms' network memberships and use the Shapley Value method to isolate the effect of the firm's alliance network, in addition to industry, corporate parent, business segment, and year effects, on the variance in business unit performance. Our findings demonstrate that the effect of the firm's alliance network explains 11% of the variance in firm ROA among 16,381 business segments from 1979 through 1996. We also extend the time period through 2018 and find that our results broadly hold. Managerial Summary: In the search for superior firm performance, managers typically focus their attention externally on profitable industries in which to operate, as well as internally on their firms' idiosyncratic and valuable resources and capabilities. In addition to these profitability sources, our work suggests another important, but heretofore overlooked, factor in the managerial quest for competitive advantage: the value-creating potential of alliance networks. We employ a machine-learning algorithm to detect firms' network memberships. Our findings indicate that as much as 11% of the variance in firm profitability (ROA) is explained by the network of alliances of which the firm is a part. Our study also implies that the emphasis on networks continues to be relevant in a technology age in which industry boundaries are blurring. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The study aims to explore the consensus-level strategic priorities for sustainable development from the perspective of decision makers in organisations responsible for governing international sport and how they cluster within the Framework for Strategic Sustainable Development. We employed the three-round Delphi study with decision makers from international sport organisations. Based on the 29 semi-structured interviews in the first round, we inductively generated items for questionnaires for the subsequent two rounds. The process yielded 20 items representing strategic priorities determined by 20 experts in the last round. The highest ranked item was normative change, in which sustainability is prioritised throughout all organisational strategies and actions. Moreover, planned efforts that are part of a long-term strategy and embedding sustainability requirements at the bidding phase of sport events were considered with high priority. The 20 items clustered into four out of five levels of the Framework for Strategic Sustainable Development, namely system, success, strategic guidelines and actions. No items could be assigned to the framework’s tool level, potentially indicating gaps of strategic consideration. The findings from the Delphi study add a forecasting element to the research and practice of strategic sustainability in the management of sport by revealing consensus-level strategic priorities for the future. © 2022 by the authors.
The specific factors and response strategies that affect COVID-19 transmission in local communities remain under-explored in the current literature due to a lack of data. Based on primary COVID-19 data collected at the community level in Wuhan, China, our study contributes a community-level investigation on COVID-19 transmission and response strategies by addressing two research questions: 1) What community factors are associated with viral transmission? and 2) What are the key mechanisms behind policy interventions towards controlling viral transmission within local communities? We conducted two sets of analyses to address these two questions—quantitative analyses of the relationship between community factors and viral transmission and qualitative analyses of policy interventions on community transmission. Our findings show that the viral spread in local communities is irrelevant to the built environment of a community and its socioeconomic position but is related to its demographic composition. Specifically, groups under the age of 18 play an important role in viral transmission. Moreover, a series of community shutdown management initiatives (e.g., group buying, delivering supplies, and self-reporting of health conditions) play an important role in curbing viral transmission at the local level that can be applied to other geographic contexts. © 2022
• The concept of natural water storage has gained traction as an alternative to traditional dams that can potentially mitigate the impacts of changing precipitation patterns by slowing runoff and increasing aquifer recharge. We investigated the barriers and opportunities for two natural water storage practices, flood irrigation and beaver mimicry. • We interviewed 8 amenity and 14 traditional ranchers in the Red Rock Watershed in southwest Montana. We found ranchers predominately rely on reactive, rather than proactive drought strategies. Most amenity ranchers had formal drought plans in place, but none of the traditional ranchers had formal drought plans. • Ranchers perceived the two natural water storage practices differently. While all agreed on the benefits of flood irrigation, they saw the barriers, such as labor issues and loss of efficiency to outweigh the benefits. Many ranchers were skeptical of the benefits beaver mimicry could provide and voiced concerns over the cost, permits, water rights, and operational impacts. • While there are barriers to both strategies, local agencies and actors can work to build trust and practice flexibility when working with ranchers. Ranchers mentioned potential incentives for implementing these strategies, which local agencies can use when working with them. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: Islamic banking sector is gaining popularity globally. However, in recent decades, Malaysia's Islamic banking sector has been reckoned as an influential force in the global economy and became a rapidly growing industry. In fact, the international banking industry has admitted Malaysia as the leading Islamic banking center with the most progressive and attractive planning, strategic directions of development, and numerous incentives for nurturing this sector. Hence, this paper aims to evaluate the performance of Islamic banks in Malaysia based on Balanced Scorecard (BSC) measures and Shari'ah Guidelines Compliance. Design/methodology/approach: To achieve the objectives of this paper, BSC performance evaluation system and Shari'ah Guidelines Compliance were used based on the data collected through an online poll survey across Malaysian Islamic banks from an aggregate of 994 information focused on 71 items, using 14 respondents in which ten were from the regional level and four were from the headquarters of the bank. Furthermore, nine respondents were bank managers and five were bank employees. Findings: The findings of the paper are as follows: First, there is a useful connection among BSC estimates, attributes of Shari’ah Compliance and Islamic banks' performance. Second, tremendous improvement has been seen in the Malaysian Islamic banks, which used both the BSC measures and Shari'ah Guidelines Compliance. Practical implications: The practical implication of the findings is that utilizing the BSC count and Shari’ah consistence characteristics; Islamic banks can better their exhibition and therefore, the banks ought to receive the recorded down rules alongside the BSC measures and Shari'ah ascribes to accomplish a superior presentation, benefit and achievement of Islamic currency advertise. Originality/value: The novelty/originality of this paper can be seen from the fact that despite the BSC becoming a widely used performance management tool; still, there is a deficiency of standardization between a company and its perception of the term BSC and also mostly, research works on BSC were carried out on the United States- and European-based organizations, but in Malaysia, nothing more was done, especially in the Islamic banking sector, while this model is capable of covering both economic and non-economic estimate of presentation and therefore, considered as a sophisticated presentation computation system for performance evaluation. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The concept of academic spin-off (AS) has witnessed an increase in attention due to its effectiveness in solving industry problems using core technology and knowledge from academia. Most studies based on US and western Europe experiences have presented the main key factors for academic spin-offs. The present study aims to address a literature gap regarding AS survival factor identification for central and eastern European countries, to relate resource groups with these key factors from a literature perspective, and to statistically investigate the long-term performance of academic spin-offs in Romania, an eastern European country that has only recently understood the opportunity academic spin-offs offer for national and regional development. Since EU programs are setting the scene for AS development, this research brings new insights for university strategic management to achieve sustainable regional growth by proposing a novelty spin-off key factor specific to central and eastern European countries: team competency in accessing government funds. Since these emerging economies face similar challenges regarding AS formation and development, statistical evidence from Romania is insightful and valuable. Data were collected on Romanian AS companies founded from 2006–2010, and eleven survival factors were investigated within a quantitative survey to understand which had a significant impact on AS performance. By using Pearson’s correlation matrix and a Cobb–Douglas nonlinear regression model, this study validated two research hypotheses that, in Romania, the quality of scientific support received from a university or research center during the development of a product and the competency of a team in accessing government funds were the most important factors having nonlinear influences on AS performance. Their positive and negative influences were furthermore discussed, and managerial implications were outlined. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Email marketing is an important staple of marketing communications. Emails from companies to customers may be promotional in nature, to drive short-term purchasing, or relational in nature, for customer relationship management (CRM) and brand-building objectives. Emails are also issued when customers have opted in to receive alerts and notifications. The authors posit that these different types of emails (promotional, CRM, alerts) reflect both overt and more subtle attempts at persuasion and are associated with different levels of persuasion knowledge. Insights from the persuasion knowledge model (Friestad and Wright 1994) and advertising wear-out are offered as explanations to understand consumer response to different types of emails. The authors test a model comparing the relative effectiveness of these types of emails on the email opening rate, the spending amount, and the shopping cart abandonment rate. They show that emails associated with relatively lower levels of persuasion knowledge are the most effective at increasing the opening rate and spending amount but are counterproductive for reducing shopping cart abandonment. In contrast, emails that likely trigger higher levels of persuasion knowledge are better for reducing cart abandonment. Alert notifications are mostly ineffective at driving our focal outcomes. The authors show that email effectiveness varies over time and is different for each type of email. They assert that combinations of specific email types, if strategically managed, can be used to enhance the spending of customers who opt in to receive specific alert messages. © American Marketing Association 2022.
In the present study, to investigate the air pollution of the Persian Gulf Special Economic Zone in the west of Bandar Abbas, at first inversions which occurred between 2010 and 2020 were extracted using radio sound. Next, using the AERMOD model, the concentration of PM2.5 - 10, SO2, CO and O3 emissions from 60 chimneys for inversion days in a radius of 20 km was predicted. The results showed that the highest inversion was in January and February with 28 and 26 days per month and the lowest with 11 and 13 days in August and July, respectively. The lowest base of the inversion layer was related to January and February with 10 and 13 m, respectively, and the highest with 408 m was in September. The average annual inversions were 250.8 days per year, which 157.4 were radiation and 93.4 were subsidence. The AERMOD model showed that the concentrations of PM2.5, SO2 and O3 were higher than standard, but PM10 and CO were lower than standard. Southeast winds are the most important parameter in the distribution of pollutants, which causes the smoke column move to the northwest. Predicting the distribution of pollutants can be useful in formulating strategic management in environmental protection and sustainable development. © 2022 Journal of Environmental Studies. All rights reserved.
This paper examines competition between two heterogeneous service providers (SPs) in a service procurement market. We investigate a service supply chain consisting of one service integrator (SI), and two SPs who compete the SI’s order with their own reservation profits. To select the favorable SP and centralize the total system, we propose an auction mechanism in symmetric and asymmetric information scenarios and find that channel coordination can be achieved by means of an efficient auction mechanism, hence, Pareto improvement conditions can be clearly illustrated. In addition, we characterize the effects of information asymmetry on optimal decisions and derive some important managerial insights into the value of information. © 2022 by the authors.
Increasing urbanization degrades quantity, quality, and the functionality of spatial cohesion of natural areas essential to biodiversity and ecosystem functioning worldwide. The uncontrolled pace of building activity and the erosion of blue (i.e., aquatic) and green (i.e., terrestrial) landscape elements threaten existing habitat ranges and movability of wildlife. Local scale measures, such as nature-inspired engineered Blue-Green Infrastructure (BGI) are emerging mitigation solutions. Originally planned to promote sustainable stormwater management, adaptation to climate change and improved human livability in cities, such instruments offer interesting synergies for biodiversity in support of existing ecological infrastructure. BGI are especially appealing for globally declining amphibians, a rich and diverse vertebrate assemblage sensitive to urbanization. We integrated biological and highly resolved urban-rural land-cover data, ensemble models of habitat suitability, and connectivity models based on circuit theory to improve multi-scale and multi-species protection of core habitats and ecological corridors in the Swiss lowlands. Considering a broad spectrum of amphibian biodiversity, we identified distributions of amphibian biodiversity hotspots and four landscape elements essential to amphibian movability at the regional scale, namely i) forest edges, ii) wet-forest habitats, iii) soils with variable moisture and iv) riparian zones. Our work shows that cities can make a substantial contribution (e.g., up to 15% of urban space in the study area) to wider landscape habitat connectivity. We highlight the importance of planning BGI locally in strategic locations across urban and peri-urban areas to promote the permeability and availability of ‘stepping stone’ habitats in densely populated landscapes, essential to the maintenance of regional habitat connectivity and thereby enhancing biodiversity and ecosystem functioning. © 2022 The Authors
Studies on the relationship between corporate sustainability strategies and financial performance are often dealt with in a broad manner, which can hinder the ability to consolidate knowledge on the subject. In order to add greater depth and understanding to the debate, this study focuses on the issue of climate change mitigation strategies (CCMS). This focus allows for a reduction in the complexity of the analyses of the relationship between environmental and financial performance, and a more thorough discussion of corporate sustainability strategy choices. To analyze the relationship between CCMS and financial performance, this research collected data from 61 companies that took part in the selection process for the Corporate Sustainability Index (ISE) of the Brazilian Stock Exchange (B3), which was published between 2013 and 2019, and contained 249 observations. The research used multivariate analysis with the panel data regression method. The results showed there to be a positive and statistically significant relationship between CCMS and the financial performance of companies, indicating that the corporate implementation of practices and policies for facing up to climate change can lead to both environmental and economic benefits for companies. © 2022 by the International Society for Industrial Ecology.
Research summary: The strategic management and international business fields have followed, in some respects, quite similar intellectual trajectories, as reflected in the push for a field of “global strategy.” However, a key distinction in the strategy literature—namely, Williamson's distinction between “strategizing” and “economizing”—has not been explicitly recognized in the international business/global strategy fields. We argue that progress can be made in global strategy by recognizing this distinction and exploring the interaction between “strategizing” and “economizing.” To lend credence to this claim, we offer a simple model of the entry decision which highlights both economizing and strategizing aspects of this decision. We also offer recommendations on economizing-strategizing research in global strategy. Managerial summary: Multinational enterprises gain competitive advantage either by improving the efficiency with which they operate (by having unique resources, lowering costs, or improving managerial practices) or by exercising their market and bargaining power. Most research has emphasized the former source of competitive advantage. However, in actuality, the two sources are intertwined. We detail how they are intertwined by means of a simple numerical example of the entry decision facing a company that can choose between competing or collaborating with the local firm. We show that strategizing plays into the entry decision in this case. © 2022 The Authors. Global Strategy Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Strategic Management Society.
Purpose: A Viagra-inspired drug, flibanserin, was marketed to treat women’s hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD). This paper aims to explore the value orientation of flibanserin as a treatment for female’s HSDD among different consumer segments. Design/methodology/approach: Two surveys were run in the UK (Study 1, n = 223) and Israel (Study 2, n = 233), in which partnered heterosexual adults evaluated the value of the drug before and after being exposed to information on its side effects. Then, using content analysis of 36 online reviews among women who had tried the drug, the reported effectiveness and side effects were explored. Findings: HSDD prevalence in both studies was about 50% (Study 1) and 66% (Study 2) (no gender differences in evaluations). All segments gave the drug less than neutral or negative value orientation ratings. Women did not relate low sexual desire to low levels of sexual thoughts that would increase flibanserin’s value orientation; however, men did. Information about flibanserin and its side effects decreased its value orientation for women, especially those with HSDD. The content analysis of user’s reviews showed most women reported side effects, said it was not effective and gave it a poor rating. Research limitations/implications: The results reveal the strategic problems in the marketing of the drug, both in its value orientation before and especially after exposure to information. Originality/value: This research points to the necessity of evaluating the value orientation of flibanserin before marketing and satisfying the core expectations from the product (effectiveness and limited aversive side effects) among women with HSDD. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In recent years, an increasing number of competing firms have started to integrate their product attribute development and advertising strategies by targeted advertising of the best-developed attribute of their product. With a focus on such integration and its potential effects, we establish an analytical model in which two competing firms sell multi-attribute products. Each firm can choose which attribute to focus on in its development strategy and which attribute to emphasize in its advertising strategy. By optimizing the development and advertising strategies of these firms, we first verify the integration of these two strategies as each firm advertises only its developed attribute. Second, we find that advertising, according to the firms’ development choices, plays distinctive roles on profit generation: the difference-alleviating or difference-strengthening effect. Therefore, when determined endogenously, the advertising intensities show qualitatively different changing trends: a monotonous curve in the same-attribute-development case but an inverted-U shaped curve in the different-attribute-development case. Third, we find advertising establishes a connection between firms’ attribute development choices, making them depending not only on their own development cost. A smaller difference between the development costs of these firms or a higher advertising efficiency increases the firms’ willingness to develop a same attribute. We also extend our analysis to the flexible quality level of the non-developed attribute, asymmetric substitution degrees between attributes and prices, or the endogenous attribute development levels, and study how the interactions between the product development and advertising are affected. This paper highlights the importance of making development and advertising strategies jointly. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
To address deficiencies in STEM and sustainability in business management and intra-university curricula, we developed and implemented an interdisciplinary STEM-based sustainability curriculum at a university in the Western United States. Six classes participated in curricular efforts including in-person and online sections of a business management course, in-person and online sections of a general elective STEM course, and a matched control course for each (n = 214). We systematically designed, developed, and implemented curricular interventions—multi-week STEM-based business sustainability modules—using the case teaching method. A comprehensive evaluation with pre- and post-tests was conducted to assess student sustainability cognition and affect. Significant results emerged for sustainability cognition including the environmental, social, and economic dimensions of sustainability. Counterintuitively, student sustainability affect did not improve. However, sustainability cognition and affect were significantly correlated on the post-test for treatment students, an indication that cognitive and affective changes share the same directionality. Discussion, implications, limitations, and future research directions are provided. © The Author(s) 2021.
This article investigates the economic benefit of aligning asset maintenance actions with actions resulting from necessary distribution network development. For this, an existing optimisation approach to strategic network planning at low-voltage level based on a genetic algorithm is expanded to include the opportunistic preventive renewal of assets. The renewal of power cables that is expected due to degradation is brought forward in time and carried out at the same time as actions that are necessary to increase the network capacity to host increasing distributed generation. It is shown in theory and with exemplary case studies that overall costs can be reduced, depending on opportunity costs and the relation of direct costs to costs which the maintenance and reinforcement actions share, such as certain parts of construction work. In the two case studies with real low-voltage, networks the cost reduction amounts to 39% at maximum when cable replacement and the laying of new cables are aligned, compared to the separate execution of the necessary construction work. The case studies also reveal that the decision on the technical option for reinforcing a network may change due to the joint optimisation of renewal and reinforcement. In some cases, now traditional network reinforcement is advised, where sole strategic planning would recommend voltage control devices as the optimal choice. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
A gamification approach for tackling waste management planning and urban development provide a more engaging and interactive experience with high pedagogical potential. Existing serious games involving waste management are complex in their data ingestion, use, and presentation, limiting individuals' opportunities to gain knowledge and decision-making skills transferrable to the real world. Simulations, by comparison, provide either an oversimplified and unrealistic user interface or explore in depth individual rather than aggregate key performance indicators for waste management, limiting potential knowledge retention. There is a clear opportunity in creating an informative, easy-to-use simulation-based game to help stakeholders build understanding of waste management policies, performance, and causal relationships. This gamified tool provides clear feedback through quick-visibility performance indicators (i.e., waste accumulation index, waste compositional analysis, prevention activities etc.) and offers the opportunity, through multi-criteria decision making, of simulating real-life scenarios and previewing the possible outcomes of certain in-game actions. The research question is how the process of gamification might serve as powerful tool for educating decision makers. The results are considered as a reference point to any policy maker intending to assess environmental performance, proposed activities to reach Circular Economy targets, and European Green Deal and UN Sustainable Development Goals. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to contribute to a better understanding of the financial decision-making process of farmers and to highlight the potential role that improved farm financial management (FFM) could play in developing sustainable farm enterprises. Design/methodology/approach: This paper adopts a qualitative approach with 27 semi-structured interviews exploring farmers’ financial decision-making processes. Subsequently, the interview findings were presented to a focus group. Sensemaking theory is adopted as a theoretical lens to develop the empirical findings. Findings: The evidence highlights that FFM has a dual role to play in farmer decision-making. Some FFM activities may act as a cue, which triggers a sensebreaking activity, causing the farmer to enter a process of sensemaking whilst some/other FFM activities are drawn upon to provide a sensegiving role in the sensemaking process. The role of FFM in farmer decision-making is strongly influenced by the decision type (strategic or operational) being undertaken and the farm type (dairy, tillage or beef) in operation. Originality/value: The literature suggests that the majority of farmers spend little time on financial management. However, there are farmers who have quite a high level of engagement in FFM activities, when undertaking strategic farm expansion decisions. Those FFM activities help them to navigate through operational decision-making and to make sense of their strategic decision-making. © 2021, Michael Thomas Hayden, Ruth Mattimoe and Lisa Jack.
Despite unwavering effort of the government, urban river pollution in Ethiopia has remained a worrisome phenomenon now a days. This research is conducted with a prime aim of assessing and evaluating the water quality status and identifying and mapping of the pollution hotspots in the Little Akaki River (LAR), Ethiopia by integrating the water quality index (CCME-WQI) and Geographic Information System (GIS). Accordingly, water quality samples were collected from 22 monitoring stations. The water samples were collected and analyzed for physico-chemical and heavy metal constituents using the American Public Health Association (APHA) standard methods. Most of the physico-chemical constituents analyzed have surpassed the standard guideline value of the country and World Health Organization (WHO). In addition, most of the middle (S3-S10) segments of the river is heavily polluted than the downstream segment (S11-S14) and upstream segments. Similarly, the heavy metals concentrations in the LAR have decreasing trend with Mn>Zn>Pb>Cu>Cd. On the other hand, the overall CCME-WQI modeling output ranged from 18.9 – 36.2. Accordingly, the finding of the study reveals that most water quality parameters were beyond ambient surface water quality standards and the CCME-WQI categorizes all the monitoring stations under poor water quality state. Besides, the spatial distribution of pollution in LAR shows intense deterioration at the middle segment of the river and needs a proper strategic management plan in the catchment and immediate protection and restoration of the natural ecology of the LAR. It is recommended to integrate river water pollution management and maintain ecologically to achieve healthy urban development. © 2022
Characterizing the spatial patterns of surface water quality is of great significance for water resources management and protection. A great number of studies have addressed the fact that water quality is often subjected to surrounding land use patterns, but the relationship between them remains obscure. In this study, we develop a self-organizing map (SOM)-based approach to explore the relationship between land use and water quality in Deqing County, Zhejiang Province, which locates in the hinterland of the Yangtze River Delta in the Taihu Lake Basin. Water samples were collected from 163 streams, ponds or lakes and then clustered into six groups based on five water quality variables: pH, ammonium-N, total phosphate, dissolved oxygen and permanganate index using the SOM approach. The proportion of eight land use categories, which are forest, cropland, shrubland, grassland, water, wetland, impervious land and bare land were associated with water quality to explain its spatial variation. The altitude decreases from west to east and the eastern part of Deqing County is characterized by floodplain and streams network, which makes watershed delineating real hard work. Therefore polder and multiple buffer scales were considered to carry out the spatial discretization process. For land use parameters, sub-watershed scale was surpassing buffer scale in the elevated area, but only buffer scale can be applied in the whole area. Polders totally failed to reveal the relationship between land use and water quality. Our results demonstrate whether point source (PS) or non-point source (NPS) pollution exerts greater influence on water quality in different clusters. The methods and the results demonstrated in this research can help local government improve water resources and land use management strategies practically. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Employee misconduct is costly to organizations and has the potential to be even more common in gig and remote work contexts, in which workers are physically distant from their employers. There is, thus, a need for scholars to better understand what employers can do to mitigate misconduct in these nontraditional work environments, particularly as the prevalence of such work environments is increasing. We combine an agency perspective with a behavioral relationship-based perspective to consider two avenues through which gig employers can potentially mitigate misconduct: (1) through the communication of organizational values and (2) through the credible threat of monitoring. We implement a real effort experiment in a gig work context that enables us to cleanly observe misconduct. Consistent with our theory, we present causal evidence that communication of organizational values, both externally facing in the form of social/environmental responsibility and internally facing in the form of an employee ethics code, decreases misconduct. This effect, however, is largely negated when workers are informed that they are being monitored. We provide suggestive evidence that this crowding out is due to a decrease in perceived trust that results from the threat of monitoring. Our results have important theoretical implications for research on employee misconduct and shed light on the trade-offs associated with various potential policy solutions. © 2021 INFORMS.
Purpose: This study aims to examine the effect of chief executive officer (CEO) integrity on organizations’ strategic orientation. The authors propose that CEOs who have high degrees of integrity tend to negatively influence each of the three core dimensions of entrepreneurial orientation (EO) – innovativeness, proactiveness and risk-taking. They also argue that this impact of CEO integrity is likely to be stronger for overconfident CEOs and the CEOs with high power. Furthermore, this negative relationship is expected to attenuate when the firm has high customer orientation and when the CEO is compensated with high equity-pay ratio. Design/methodology/approach: Seemingly unrelated regression analysis was conducted on panel of 741 firm-year observations of 213 firms across 2014–2017. CEO integrity and each of the three dimensions of EO were measured using content analysis of CEOs’ letters to shareholders. CEO power was measured using CEO stock ownership and CEO duality. CEO overconfidence was measured by using options-based measure. Customer orientation was measured by using content analyses on annual reports. CEO equity-pay based ratio was measured as sum of value of stock and option awards divided by CEO’s total compensation. This study considered alternative measures and performed treatments for potential endogeneity, sample selection bias and outliers. Findings: The research findings conclude that organizations with CEOs who have high integrity tend to have lower levels of all sub-dimensions of EO – innovativeness, proactiveness and risk-taking. Further, the results indicate that the negative effect that CEO integrity has, affects one of its dimensions – proactiveness, such that the relation is strengthened when the CEO has high power and is highly overconfident. This negative effect weakens when the CEO is compensated with high equity-pay ratio. The results also indicate that the negative effect of integrity and innovativeness and risk-taking weakens when the firm has high customer orientation. Research limitations/implications: The research contributes to upper echelon theory literature by adding to the discussion of how business executives’ psychological traits map onto firm behavior. This research also finds common ground between literature on innovation and upper echelons, contributing to awareness about the drivers of firms’ EO. Practical implications: This research addresses the question of firm relation to EO by highlighting that firms’ EO is also shaped by the psychological traits of their CEOs and the interaction of these traits with CEOs’ cognitive biases. Thus, board members of firms led by CEOs with high integrity can limit CEO’s risk-averse behavior by focusing on their training and by creating incentive systems. It is also advantageous for CEOs to understand that integrity is a double-edged sword, thus leveraging the strengths of their integrity, while simultaneously using tools such as training to diminish its negative aspects. Originality/value: This paper fulfils a twofold identified need to: study the antecedents of each of the three dimensions of EO, not limited to corporate governance; and unearth the counterproductive behaviors associated with bright traits that make up their dark side © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Cities consume two-thirds of the energy supply, and 70% of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions come from urban environments. Positive Energy Districts are innovative tools to achieve energy and climate neutrality in cities. Positive Energy Districts are regions or neighbourhoods with a positive annual energy balance, obtained mainly through energy efficiency and energy generation from renewables. Urban Waterfronts are extended areas close to the sea, which makes them suitable for several types of production with renewables, therefore seeming to be a suitable location to develop Positive Energy Districts. This paper proposes a method that combines strategic planning for project management and the procedure for energy audits to design the optimal district configuration. The study presents and analyses the case of La Marina de València, a district in a Mediterranean city. Three strategic scenarios, both technically feasible and with a positive energy balance, are presented. All the alternatives include PV and switching to light-emitting diode in lighting. The different strategies presented together with a sensitivity analysis facilitate the decision-making process in energy planning and establish a common pathway to achieve Positive Energy Districts in Urban Water Fronts. The results suggest that urban waterfronts are uniquely suited to achieve a positive annual energy balance, thus emerging as a crucial springboard to provide traction to the positive energy districts policy agenda. © 2022 The Author(s)
[No abstract available]
Research summary: The role structure of a top management team (TMT)—the roles of TMT members and the relationships among those roles—has important implications for how TMT members work together as a group in directing an organization and shaping its strategy. Although the importance of TMT role structure has long been noted, it has received scant attention until recently when upper-echelons scholars started examining its formation and influence. To stimulate a concerted effort in studying TMT role structure, we develop a framework elaborating its main themes, draw out key contributions from extant research (see the SMS Collection), and outline promising future directions. In particular, we highlight important dynamics of how formal and informal structures complement or compete with each other in the strategic leadership of an organization. Managerial summary: How to structure a TMT is critical for the strategic leadership of an organization. The roles of senior executives and the relationships among these roles shape how executives work together as a group in directing an organization and shaping its strategy. In this article, we develop a framework for understanding how a role structure develops in the senior management team and how it affects strategy and performance of the firm. We synthesize and present key contributions from recent research and discuss important areas that deserve future research. Our article highlights important dynamics of how formal and informal role structures complement or compete with each other in the strategic leadership of an organization. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This study examines the role of voice practices—formal practices designed to provide employees with opportunities to have a voice—in enhancing organizational innovation. We distinguish between promotive and prohibitive voice practices and extend the distinction to the systemic process level of analysis. Leveraging the contingency and behavioral perspectives, we propose that voice practices (both promotive and prohibitive) mediate the relationship between innovation strategy and organizational innovation, a link mediated by employee voice participation, indicating a two-step mediation process. Our investigation of this two-step mediation model using a national sample of Canadian employers supports our research model. This study shows that managerial actions to enhance employee voice can add value by supporting organizational innovation. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
There is a growing recognition that climate change is a global challenge that requires urgent action. Excessive emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs) are one of the main reasons for the problem. The more GHGs are released into the atmosphere, the more the sun's heat can be captured by those gases, leading to global warming and other ripple effects. Many countries and companies have begun to take steps to reduce their emissions. Carbon management is a method that enables them to control the release of GHGs. This report will focus on Canada's largest bank, Royal Bank of Canada (RBC), and examine the firm's carbon management practices towards achieving zero net emissions. This company is strongly involved with other companies' business through financing and investment as a financial institution, indicating that it has a responsibility for both its own carbon emissions and emissions by companies which it finances or invests. The firm's emissions mainly come from infrastructure, purchased electricity, business travel, the use of products, employee commuting, financing and investment. This company's strategy to be carbon neutral consists of the following main pillars: making operations more efficient, helping clients with the transition to net zero, and responsible financing and investment. This report evaluates the carbon management practice of the RBC, suggesting that it needs more implementation of plans and more detailed data collection and analysis regarding its emissions to achieve the goal of net zero. © 2022 by the Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.
Purpose: In this paper, the authors have used a systematic literature review methodology of 147 journal articles published in peer-reviewed journals. The analysis includes studies based on country of origin, the periodic proliferation of studies and the methodological design of the studies. As an outcome of the review, the studies are classified on the innovation in family firms under four broad categories – innovation input, family governance mechanisms, innovation output and the external environment. Some fruitful avenues of research are outlined in this domain. Design/methodology/approach: The literature on innovation in family firms – the most dominant and ubiquitous form of organization across the world – is gaining pace. The influence of family by way controlling ownership, management and governance on, and in interaction with business acts as a complex proposition that shapes the strategic decision-making in the family firm including innovation. The purpose of this paper, therefore, is to advance the understanding of innovation in family firms and provide a list of future research questions of theoretical and practical value. Findings: Based on this review, the authors provide future research directions pertaining to innovation in emerging economy family firms, effect of the institutional environment of family firm innovation as well family firms' innovativeness in the wake of pro-market reforms, different classes of ownership in family firms and innovation, family firm goal heterogeneity and innovation, and family firm dynamic capabilities and innovation. Originality/value: The review provides a comprehensive understanding, trends and future research directions in the domain of innovation in family firms. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Blockchain technology is considered a core technology in the financial sector with promising prospects like economic development, financial innovation, and internet development. The financial sector needs digital transformation and the deployment of strategies that make Blockchain technology adoption successful. Hence, the current research investigates the mediating role of Blockchain adoption between digital business strategy and process innovation, financial performance, and the moderating role of information technology alignment. The data was collected from the 300 employees of banks located in Islamabad/Rawalpindi, Pakistan. Statistical techniques: Pearson’s correlation analysis, confirmatory factor analysis, Hayes process technique for mediation, and moderation analysis were used for data analysis. The results illustrate that digital business strategy is positively related to business process innovation and firm financial performance. Blockchain adoption mediates the relationship between digital business strategy, business process innovation, and financial performance. Information technology alignment acts as a moderator between Blockchain adoption and process innovation. The current study provides theoretical contribution by extending the literature on key variables: digital strategy, Blockchain technology, and bank's performance. The study also offers various managerial implications for top management and executives in the banking industry that are responsible for strategic decision making and better firm performance. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Strategic positioning is the core issue of strategic management, and regional niche is the core of strategic positioning. Regional niche has important implications in sustainability transition. In this study, the regional niche and spatial distribution of foreign investment in 31 provinces of China from 2012 to 2021 are explored regarding sustainability transition. The results show that: (1) Low fierce competition is important for foreign-investment resources in sustainability transition in general. (2) The gradient of niche-evolution momentum is considerable in sustainability transformation. (3) The spatial echelon distribution of foreign investment is obvious in sustainability transition with a positive spatial-geography correlation. Therefore, in view of the overall space–time development and political layout of foreign investment in emerging industrialized countries such as China in the future, this study has important practical significance. It proposes countermeasures for policy-makers and managers to promote the expansion, evolution, and coordination of foreign investment in regional resources. The conclusion is helpful for China and other emerging industrial countries to successfully realize the space–time layout of regional niche, through foreign investment, and improve their open capabilities of global sustainable development. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to examine the scientific research related to sustainability in hospitality and tourism from 1994 to 2020 by conducting bibliometric and science mapping analyses and to discuss the implications for prospective research opportunities. Design/methodology/approach: Keyword co-occurrences with 2,980 published papers collected from the Web of Science (Social Science Citation Index and Emerging Sources Citation Index) were used for the bibliometric-based analysis. The authors use SciMAT software which offers relevant outputs, such as research themes and graphical outputs (strategic diagrams, cluster networks and science mapping representing the temporal evolution of the themes). Findings: The findings show that biodiversity conservation, sustainable attitudes, climate change, protected areas, satisfaction and environmental management were the focal motor-themes in the studied periods. Additionally, four areas for future investigation are identified and discussed: sustainable behavior and environmental sustainability; consumption, demand and economic growth; tourism development and strategies; and rural tourism, poverty, ethics and education. Research limitations/implications: This analysis shows insightful results processing a high number of published documents. However, the authors recommend further research focused on qualitative literature review for each critical topic. Originality/value: The authors are unaware of analogous, completed and recent work about sustainability in hospitality and tourism. The authors believe this article is of great value to academics and practitioners because it synthesizes and disseminates the research topic while providing an outstanding basis for identifying research opportunities. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
We study the risk management strategies of two manufacturers that procure a commodity from a supplier to produce a final product and compete in a downstream market. The manufacturers can adopt financial hedging to reduce profit variability or spot trading to mitigate the demand–supply mismatch risk, and they can also combine these two strategies or adopt neither of them. We characterize the equilibria of several representative games where two different risk management strategies are available, and find that financial hedging complements spot trading by protecting both contract procurement and spot trading from the demand uncertainty and spot price volatility. Hence, the combined strategy brings a synergy benefit and dominates spot trading; however, it cannot always outperform financial hedging because the price risk introduced by spot trading overwhelms its benefits. Interestingly, asymmetric risk management equilibria may arise between symmetric manufacturers because the sequential production competition under strategy differentiation allows them to better utilize their respective strategies. We further find that when all four strategies are simultaneously available, financial hedging should normally be adopted, whereas spot trading should not be used alone. Finally, we complement our theoretical analysis with a real-data–calibrated numerical study to show which risk management strategy performs better in the soybean processing industry. © 2022 Production and Operations Management Society.
Modelling the combined mode split and traffic assignment (CMSTA) problem is essential to capture the travelers’ behaviors and predict the flow distribution in multimodal transportation networks. In this paper, a general fixed-point model that combines the CNL-based mode split and the VI-based traffic assignment is developed to formulate the CMSTA problem in a more realistic multimodal network. The transit common line problem and asymmetric travel cost are considered. A new solution algorithm that integrated with several effective methods and strategies is proposed to solve the fixed-point model in large-scale networks. Numerical results show the effectiveness of the proposed model and algorithm. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: Flexibility is essential for healthcare organizations to anticipate the increasing internal and external dynamics. Mental healthcare organizations in the Netherlands face major policy reforms made by the government, increasing involvement from municipalities and gradual replacement of clinical care with outpatient care. Top management plays an important strategic role in creating this flexibility because they make important choices, give direction and structure the organization. To create flexibility, managers have to deal with complexity and paradoxes. In this study, the authors aim to contribute to the knowledge on how healthcare managers can create flexibility in their organizations. Design/methodology/approach: This is a qualitative empirical field study. In total, 21 managers of mental healthcare organizations participated in open in-depth interviews. The authors explored flexibility on three perspectives: organizational direction, structure and operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has provided an opportunity to explore flexibility. The authors asked participants to reflect on their organization's response to the pandemic. Findings: Most mental healthcare organizations create flexibility in an implicit way. Flexibility and resilience are closely linked mechanisms. Flexibility ensures a quick response while resilience provides the counterforce and rebound needed to adapt. Adaption ensures that healthcare professionals learn from their experiences and do not return completely to the way things were done before. The primary urge to survive ensured rapid and adequate responses to the COVID-19 pandemic. Whether this is a manifestation of flexibility remains difficult to conclude. Practical implications: The complexity theory offers some guidance in creating a flexible organization without losing consistency. Flexibility and resilience are closely linked mechanisms that antagonize and protect each other. With this insight, managers in mental healthcare can utilize the qualities and balance them without falling into the various pitfalls. Originality/value: In this research, the authors are concerned with flexibility as a proactive attitude and capacity of organizations. By looking at the response of organizations to the COVID-19 crisis, the authors find out that responding to a disaster out of survival instinct is something else than flexibility. There is an interesting relationship between flexibility, resilience and adaptability, and they can balance each other. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In soil, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) have resulted in severe environmental deterioration, compromised soil characteristics, and negatively affect all life forms, including humans. Developing appropriate and effective clean-up technology is crucial in solving the contamination issues. The traditional methods to treat PHAs contaminated soil are less effective and not ecofriendly. Bioremediation, based on bioaugmentation and biostimulation approaches, is a promising strategy for remediating contaminated soil. The use of plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria (PGPR) as a bioaugmentation tool is an effective technique for treating hydrocarbon contaminated soil. Plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria (PGPR) are group of rhizospheric bacteria that colonize the roots of plants. Biochar is a carbon-rich residue, which acts as a source of nutrients, and is also a bio-stimulating candidate to enhance the activities of oil-degrading bacteria. The application of biochar as a nutrient source to bioremediate oil-contaminated soil is a promising approach for reducing PHA contamination. Biochar induces polyaromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) immobilization and removes the contaminants by various methods such as ion exchange electrostatic attractions and volatilization. In comparison, PGPR produce multiple types of biosurfactants to enhance the adsorption of hydrocarbons and mineralize the hydrocarbons with the conversion to less toxic substances. During the last few decades, the use of PGPR and biochar in the bioremediation of hydrocarbons-contaminated soil has gained greater importance. Therefore, developing and applying a PGPR-biochar-based remediating system can help manage hazardous PAH contaminated soil. The goal of this review paper is to (i) provide an overview of the PGPR mechanism for degradation of hydrocarbons and (ii) discuss the contaminants absorbent by biochar and its characteristics (iii) critically discuss the combined effect of PGPR and biochar for degradation of hydrocarbons by decreasing their mobility and bioavailability. The present review focuses on techniques of bioaugmentation and biostimulation based on use of PGPR and biochar in remediating the oil-contaminated soil. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Land-based nitrogen pollution is a major threat to coastal ecosystems, especially in tropical regions home to high biodiversity habitats such as coral reefs and seagrass beds. The sustained addition of excess nutrients (in the form of nitrates) to these ecosystems, which are adapted to oligotrophic environments, disrupts ecosystem function and the ability to provide services that support livelihoods and benefit human well-being. Nitrogen (N) primarily originates from agricultural crop production, livestock waste, and human sewage, as well as excretion from seabird and feral ungulates for some small atolls and cayes. Determining the most effective mitigation strategies to reduce N pollution in a given location begins with identifying and quantifying input from the source. Here we model four major sources of N pollution – crop production, livestock production, wastewater generated from permanent residents and wastewater generated from seasonal populations – at the regional scale, measuring inputs and impacts from 430 watersheds that drain into the Mesoamerican Reef region. We find that leaching of fertilizer from crop production and runoff associated with livestock contribute the majority of N pollution (92%), while contributions from residential and tourism wastewater sources were lower (8%). A north-south divide in N pollution was observed, with watersheds from the south, Guatemala and Honduras, associated with the highest levels of N pollution. The top 20 most polluting watersheds contributed nearly 90% percent of N pollution from all sources analyzed to the MAR, with the majority (11) located in the southern part of the MAR. The top two most polluting watersheds on their own, the Rio Ulua, Honduras, and Rio Motagua, Guatemala, contribute approximately 50% percent of the total N input to the MAR. However, high biodiversity habitats were more exposed to plumes originating from smaller, coastal watersheds. Our approach provides a map of the N pollution in the region highlighting hotspots for managers to target for mitigation, as well as the main sectors and industries to engage when designing solutions. © 2022 The Authors
Research Summary: The growth of China and President Xi's policies have transformed the global economy in ways that global strategy and international business (IB) scholars have yet to reflect fully in their research. The global economy is increasingly bifurcated between a China-centered authoritarian system and a market-oriented democratic system, generating complications and perils largely unknown since the end of the Cold War. The global business environment now bears faint resemblance to existing models in IB. To properly analyze the new reality, global strategy and IB scholars need to adopt a wider-aperture, systems-theoretic view that will require the cross-fertilization of ideas and collaboration with other disciplines such as international political economy. This engagement will allow the development of more broadly based frameworks, theories, and models that can assist decision makers in the private and public sectors. Managerial Summary: Strategic rivalry between China and the West requires managers to face a new reckoning. China remains the world's factory, but it has a tenuous relationship to even-handed rules of law, both domestically and internationally. China leverages access to its market and has aligned with other autocratic countries to reshape the world order. Many firms have straddled the divide and tried to play by two sets of rules. This is not viable longer term. The strategic decisions of Western firms, particularly those involved with advanced and, especially, dual-use technologies, are consequential to the future of democracy. A systemic view of the long-term health of the enterprise may reveal the need to choose. Choosing democracy means, at minimum, guarding intellectual property, enhancing organizational capabilities, coordinating with peers, and protecting national security. © 2022 The Author. Global Strategy Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Strategic Management Society.
In achieving the development of Tarakan City, the role of land transportation has an important and strategic position, so the policies need to be integrated into a single land transportation management policy and its impact on the economy of the people in Tarakan City. Various policies have been issued, to minimize the problem of land transportation, but no matter how good the policy will not work optimally as long as land transportation management is not improved. This study uses a descriptive-qualitative method because it seeks to find empirical facts with the right interpretation of the actions of existing phenomena. The results of the study: 1. The selection of land transportation in accordance with the characteristics of the City of Tarakan, and taking into account the needs and interests of all different levels of society, is able to support the effectiveness and efficiency of providing city public transportation services. 2. The development of an adequate land transportation network in Tarakan City has been able to increase the growth of the community’s economic sector, increase the value/price of land, the development of the small, medium, and large scale businesses, the occurrence of product specialization between regions, the concentration and urbanization of the population, especially in areas that have opened access roads and transportation. So that there is an increase in the income of the City of Tarakan accompanied by an even distribution of goods between residents, business fields spread over several areas. In addition, there has been an increase in the number and types of finished goods and services that consumers, government, and industry can produce. Copyright © 2022 Nawir, Faizal, Mansyur, Riinawati and Jayadi.
As a zone of interaction between land and sea, coastal zones are important carriers of the marine economy, and they are the focal point for strategies related to strengthening a country by means of the sea. As the coastal zones are where land and sea are most closely linked, they become a strategic area for achieving sustainable expansion of the blue economic space. Coastal zones have some capacity to cope with and recover from the adverse effects of ecological pressure, which is the coastal zone ecosystem vulnerability. However, given the vulnerability of coastal zone ecosystems and the existence of considerable ecological pressure, it is necessary to systematically assess coastal zones’ vulnerability and propose targeted countermeasures. First of all, this paper uses normative research methods and the methods that combine quantitative research with qualitative research to investigate the assessment of coastal zone ecosystem vulnerability and propose solutions for related governance. Second, based on an analysis of the shortcomings of existing methods, this study constructed an index system based on “object–pressure–endurance–resilience” (O-P-E-R) to assess coastal zone ecosystem vulnerability. O-P-E-R takes into account the triad of nature–society–culture and systematically defines ecosystem vulnerability. In the meantime, a combined weight calculation method that considers subjective and objective weights was proposed based on an improved group analytic hierarchy process (GAHP) method and the entropy weight method. Further, based on the standardization and normalization of indicator values, a method and scale for assessing coastal zone ecosystem vulnerability were proposed based on an improved matter-element model. In conclusion, the research has established a coastal zone ecosystem vulnerability assessment system that not only expand the safety management of coastal zone ecosystems but also provide a theoretical basis for governments to formulate related policies. © 2022 The Author(s)
Waste-to-energy (WtE) technologies present attractive and sustainable solutions for transforming waste into clean energy. These technologies offer best solution for Pakistan to tackle environmental and public health problems stemming from increasing amount of waste and uncontrolled manner of waste management. Also, clean energy generated from waste can aid the country to mitigate her energy crisis and reduce hazardous emissions. Successful implementation of WtE however requires preliminary investigation to examine various strategic aspects and challenges before policy formulation and implementation, respectively. So, this study performs SWOT analysis to explore SWOT factors of WtE implementation and then draws SWOT strategies by matching internal and external factors of SWOT matrix. Twenty-eight SWOT sub-factors (seven under each factor) were identified through literature survey, while twelve SWOT strategies were formulated. To obtain the quantitative importance of factors and sub-factors, and prioritize strategies, SWOT analysis is integrated with hybrid MCDM. Fuzzy set and grey system theories are incorporated to enhance the efficacy of proposed model. The quantitative importance of ‘Opportunities’ main factor transcends other factors. Renewable energy generation ‘O-2’ sub-factor topped among overall sub-factors. The prioritization of SWOT strategies provides foundation for devising the WtE policy hierarchy, which shall help decision-makers to take right policy steps. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In this article, we present the possibility of applying the concept of elasticity in the system of sustainable energy development through the use of wood biomass. We used a dual (socio-ecological and economic) approach to sustainable energy development. The research was carried out using the methods of reduction reasoning, scientific observation, and examination of source documents. We identified crisis threats in the context of sustainable energy development. Then, we analyzed the supply of wood biomass in Poland, taking into account its geographical location. As a result, we identified and characterized the causal relationships between the assumptions of the concept of resistance and the sustainable development of energy with the use of wood biomass. We found that the concepts of resilience can be adapted to assessing energy sustainability. This adaptation is based on resilience, flexibility, and strategic ability to revitalize the country. We found that five key threats (extreme weather events, climate breakdown, pollution, infectious diseases, loss of biodiversity) affect both the energy-sustainability system and forest management, and the relationship is two-way. We show that the production of forest biomass is compatible with modern forest management and supports the implementation of sustainable energy development, which takes place under the concept of resilience. © 2022 by the authors.
Integrating strategic human resource (HR) management research with the componential theory of creativity, we investigate the influence of a strategically anchored set of HR practices on employees’ idea generation, promotion, and realization (i.e., innovative work behaviors (IWBs). Specifically, we argue that perceived collaboration-based HR systems rated by employees facilitate IWBs through promoting information exchange. We take a multilevel approach and further propose that the strength of a collaboration-based HR system at the unit-level (i.e., shared employee perceptions) moderates the relationship between employee perceptions of such systems and information exchange. We propose that this relation will be stronger in units with greater levels of collaboration-based HR system strength. We test our model by collecting data at two different time points from 204 employees in 50 departments working at seven manufacturing organizations in Turkey. Results from multilevel and structural equation modeling support all hypotheses and point to the theoretical importance of taking into account idiosyncratic and collective perceptions of HR systems simultaneously. Practical implications that follow from our results suggest intentionally designing, implementing, and regularly communicating collaboration-based HR practices to facilitate IWBs. © 2021
Millions of people rely on nature-rich farming systems for their subsistence and income. The contributions of nature to these systems are varied and key to their sustainability in the long term. Yet, agricultural stakeholders are often unaware or undervalue the relevance of those contributions, which can affect decisions concerning land management. There is limited knowledge on how farming practices and especially those that build more strongly on nature, including agroecological practices, may shape farmers’ livelihoods and well-being. We aim to determine the effect that farmer perception of contributions from nature, socioeconomic conditions, and farming practices, have on outcomes related to food security and human well-being. We conducted 467 household surveys in an agricultural growth corridor in rural Tanzania, which is also essential for nature conservation due to its high biodiversity and its strategic location between several protected areas encompassing wetland, forest, and grassland habitats. Results show that implementing more agroecological practices at farm scale has a positive effect on farmer well-being in the study landscape. Results also indicate that higher awareness of benefits from nature, as well as engagement with agricultural extension services, are associated with higher number of agroecological practices applied in the farm. This research confirms the relevance of capacity-building initiatives to scale up the uptake of agroecological practices in the tropics. It also shows, using empirical evidence, that farming practices taking advantage of nature’s contributions to people can positively affect food security and human well-being, even when those practices complement conventional ones, such as the use of synthetic inputs. Understanding the impact of agroecological farming on the well-being of smallholder farmers in the tropics paves the way for policy and program development that ensures global food demands are met in a sustainable way without compromising the well-being of some of the world’s most vulnerable people. © 2022, The Author(s).
Drawing upon goal pursuit research and the social status literature, this paper examines an important and yet unexplored issue in multi-tier loyalty programs (MTLPs): how to use tailor-made progress feedback to motivate members to maintain their tier status. Three experiments conducted in different hospitality settings consistently reveal that an accumulated-focus (remaining-focus) feedback frame that highlights the completed (remaining) progress is more conducive in motivating low-tier (high-tier) members to retain their current tier level. Moreover, this research demonstrates that the progress-framing effects are mediated by confidence in tier status retention (concern for tier status loss) for low-tier (high-tier) members. This paper contributes to the loyalty program (LP) research and the broader customer relationship management literature by establishing progress framing as a strategic tool that can help hospitality and tourism firms retain existing members from different tiers. © 2021
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) implementation represents an important contribution to circular economy (CE). In recent months, these goals have been modified given the significant changes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Research shows increasing interests in revealing the efficiency of design in order to pursue new business models as sources of innovation that can contribute to SDGs. Nevertheless, the realization of SDGs is not easy on the level of enterprises and regions. Here, our research goal was to describe the role of design in business model re-design for SDGs implementation. It was presumed that during the pandemic, entrepreneurs significantly modified business models, emphasizing aspects of sustainable development. In order to verify this assumption, desk research was combined with qualitative research. Data were gathered from small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and experts. The research raises the point of the underestimated role of design as a determinant of new business models composition connected with the SDGs. As a result, it was found that once applied, design becomes an important tool for sustainable innovation and enable strategic change in companies. Design supports SMEs in business models’ transition towards sustainable, circular performance. In conclusion, it was found that while adjusting business models in a pandemic, entrepreneurs paid more attention to issues related to SDGs. © 2022 by the authors.
As the maritime industry forms the common means of heavy freight transportation, the efficient and strategic management of sea routes from an economic and environmental perspective has become a major concern to achieve sustainable development goals (SDGs). By applying marine engineering principles and quantifying metrics such as energy efficiency design, index/existing vessel design index, energy efficiency operational index, carbon footprints, fuel consumption, voyage times and emission this study aims to explore the merits of the Indo-Sri Lankan shipping canal project over the existing route circumnavigating Sri Lanka. The quantification was performed by studying the design and operational indices of marine vessels, based on the metrics considering the major ports in India. The socio-political, environmental and economic benefits reported in this study advocate the significance of this route to the maritime industry in meeting SDGs. © 2021 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
China’s ambitious measures for developing a low-carbon economy led to the “double carbon” target initiation. Under this national goal, reaching peak carbon emissions by 2030 is desired. This should not come at the cost of economic growth; which means carbon emissions can be reduced while economic growth can be achieved simultaneously. To realise this strategic reform, the first pilot ecological civilisation zone in Fujian Province of China was initiated; its outcome is set to be the responsible case for such initiations aiming at increased low-carbon economy development. Therefore, it is essential to investigate the relationship between carbon emissions and economic growth based on the evidence. Hence, we applied a model that combines the Tapio and Coupled coordination. Combining the Tapio and the coupled coordination models allows us to analyse carbon emissions and economic growth in Fujian Province over 20 years, i.e., 2001–2020. First, we divided the urban-rural integration process into four stages following China’s Five-Year Plan (FYP): T1 (2001–2005), T2 (2006–2010), T3 (2011–2015), and T4 (2016–2020). Second, ArcGIS mapping was used to represent the spatial evolution pattern of low-carbon economic development in Fujian Province. We observed that the low-carbon economy in Fujian Province had reached a point where the economic growth rate has already exceeded its carbon emission growth rate and is currently in a weak decoupling state. In addition, there observed a bifurcation pattern between carbon emissions and economic growth, especially in the coastal cities that are out of balance, whereas the inland cities are being coordinated. Overall, it is observed that the concept of ecological civilisation is crucial for China to achieve the “double carbon goal,” and it is high time to create accelerating measures that guide the integration of urban and rural areas in the future with appropriate infrastructure. Copyright © 2022 Xie, Yu, Zhang, Yang, Yang and Ye.
The growth of business intelligence and analytics (BI&A) and technological advancement is having an impact on business dynamics, implying that executives need to adjust their management skills to create value and a sustainable competitive advantage in agile environments. In this research study, a model (LDM–BI&A) consisting of knowledge and skills domains for BI&A leadership has been proposed to measure strategic leadership skills for BI&A business managers in Chilean SMEs. The skills were studied according to their demand (role requirements) and supply (university curricula in Chile). Factorial validity was determined using Confirmatory Factor Analysis, showing that the model satisfactorily fit the data. The instrument proves reliable, showing solid psychometric properties, and contributes to the literature as it has the design and empirical validation of an instrument that measures skills linked to business managers in Chilean SMEs. This will provide support to Human Resources managers on how BI&A leadership skills can be diagnosed, maintained, and developed. © 2022 by the authors.
Extending research on the role of managerial cognition in strategic decision-making, in this study, we examine the relationship between managerial hubris and strategic foresight. Building on the information-processing model, we argue that managerial hubris leads to a reduced level of strategic foresight due to biases in attending to information as well as encoding and processing information. We further argue that R&D capability moderates the impact in ways depending on the levels of R&D human and physical capital resources available. Furthermore, industry concentration weakens the main negative impact. Using a new and unique two-wave survey of about 500 firms across provinces of China, in combination with an archival data set, we find general support for our propositions in two studies. Our research has important implications for understanding the role of cognitive biases in managerial decision-making in strategic management. © The Author(s) 2020.
UNESCO World Heritage properties are the Earth's most exceptional places, significant for natural and/or cultural heritage. The values for which they are internationally recognised are impacted by various threats, the foremost of which is climate change. Responding to this global-scale threat is confounded by the vast number and diverse types of properties. Here, we address this by creating a novel methodology to thematically classify World Heritage properties by their shared values and attributes. We applied the methodology in a case study for natural properties of the Africa region using two standardised sources of information (the foundational World Heritage inscription and IUCN's World Heritage Outlook report). The methodology is systematic, repeatable and rapid; is applicable to other groups of properties; and is adaptable for cultural heritage analyses. Use of this methodology can promote strategic networking amongst World Heritage property managers and enable the selection and further analysis of thematically-representative properties. These actions can enable more efficient and effective management responses in the face of climate change. © 2022
The article addresses the growing problem of implementing and executing the concept of social responsibility. The research began with a review of literature on strategic approaches to defining the concept of Corporate Social Responsibility, and by placing the subject in an international context. The role of a corporate foundation, as an executive tool for CSR projects, was reviewed. The research group consisted of selected joint stock companies, members of the only index in Poland related to social activity (WIG-ESG), operating in the mining sector and related sectors. The main objective of the research was 1. to identify the trend of strategic approach to social responsibility in the research group, 2. to define the existence of foundations in the entities' organizational structure, 3. to identify CSR activities at the time of pandemic as corporate and/or corporate foundation activities. The research methodology was based on the use of research methods, i.e. literature review according to the keywords, case study, comparative method. In the descriptive part, the difference between the CSR strategy, Sustainable Development, Creating Shared Value, and the Responsible Business Conduct approach was identified. The results section indicates which strategy is known and used in the research group. Then the role of the corporate foundation in the strategy of CSR activities was indicated, the forms of these activities were grouped as corporate and corporate foundation activities. The coincidence of the operational CSR strategy of companies with the statutes of corporate foundations, translates into CSR practices, both from the operational level of the entity and from the foundation. The added value is to examine the relation of the employment structure and answer the question if representatives of the founding company (management board, supervisory board) sit on the foundation's bodies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The increasing attention of opinion towards climate change has prompted public authorities to provide plans for the containment of emissions to reduce the environmental impact of human activities. The transport sector is one of the main ones responsible for greenhouse emissions and is under investigation to counter its burdens. Therefore, it is essential to identify a strategy that allows for reducing the environmental impact produced by aircraft on the landing and take-off cycle and its operating costs. In this study, four different taxiing strategies are implemented in an existing Italian airport. The results show advantageous scenarios through single-engine taxiing, reduced taxi time through improved surface traffic management, and onboard systems. On the other hand, operating towing solutions with internal combustion cause excessive production of pollutants, especially HC, CO, NOX, and particulate matter. Finally, towing with an electrically powered external vehicle provides good results for pollutants and the maximum reduction in fuel consumption, but it implies externalities on taxiing time. Compared to the current conditions, the best solutions ensure significant reductions in pollutants throughout the landing and take-off cycle (−3.2% for NOx and −44.2% for HC) and economic savings (−13.4% of fuel consumption). © 2022 by the authors.
With more than 84% of the population residing in cities, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is among the highly urbanized countries in the world. New strategic policies support the development of smart cities across the kingdom. Though non-availability of data is a major hurdle in the way of planning smart cities. We used a mixed method approach for this study including a qualitative review of various urban planning applications in Jeddah and worldwide in combination with a pilot survey to understand what type and mode of data reporting people prefer. Based on the initial findings a data crowdsourcing application—‘SMART JEDDH’ was developed and tested. Around 177 crowdsourced reports detecting 15 hotspots of car parking dearth, while 47 PM2.5 measurements at King Abdulaziz University campus was recorded. Results were visualized by heat maps in an open-source GIS environment. Furthermore, we model developed ordinal logistic regression (OLR) models with the 1581 responses on 5-point Likert scale to answer 3 key questions including importance of smartphone-based participation in resolving location specific urban challenges, importance of public participation through smartphones in the improvement of the quality of smart city plans, and the importance of the role of the authorities in mobilising people for smartphone-based participation. OLR results revealed that there is a significant difference of public opinions based on their nationality, gender, education, profession, and income levels in the city of Jeddah. Finally, we recommend that crowdsourced smartphone applications should be promoted for data collection because of inherent benefits through increased public participation. Abundant data though public participation might be helpful in realizing success of smart cities under Vision 2030 of Saudi Arabia of which maximizing ‘quality of life’ is a key target. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
The last report on the State of the Nature in the European Union (EU), a periodic monitoring exercise at continental scale, shows that biodiversity continues to decline, despite the efforts done in the last decades. Urgent action is, therefore, needed to reverse this trend. Effective conservation must rely on careful planning and strategic investment of limited resources to maximise efficiency of conservation efforts. Here, we carry out a gap analysis to identify pressures and threats with no reported management action over the period 2013–2018 and identify priorities to close this gap. We use information from the State of Nature report to identify combinations of species/habitats × pressures/threats affecting them with no management action reported. We finally prioritise the selection of pressures and threats to be addressed for all species and habitats collectively. We found that 2/3 of all combinations of species/habitat × pressure/threat did not have management actions reported. Management gaps were especially large for birds, amphibians and reptiles and marine bioregions in northern EU. This management gap affects 98 % of Natura 2000 sites, with at least one species/habitat with no management action reported for one or more pressures/threats. The spatial prioritisation analyses showed that all species and habitats could benefit collectively from a reduction in 30 % of pressures/threats incidence by targeting a small proportion of pressures/threats and Natura 2000 sites. The prioritisation approach that we demonstrate here could be valuable to plan investment to close the current management gap and inform conservation across the EU. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Environmental performance has gained great prominence for firms in recent years. This paper examines the effect of corporate environmental information disclosure on stock price crash risk based on a large sample of Chinese listed companies in heavily polluting industries over the 2013–2019 period. We find that environmental information disclosure can reduce future stock price crash risk. The results hold after addressing potential concerns for endogeneity. Moreover, we deeply analyze the mediating effects and identify that operational transparency and investors’ reactions work as mediators while information authenticity works as a suppressor. Further, it is also found that internet attention plays a moderating role that strengthens the negative relationship between environmental information disclosure and stock price crash risk. Our results highlight the importance of environmental disclosure in corporate strategic decisions and deliver multidimensional implications. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: The complex processes of global organizations poses significant challenges for the global quality management systems (QMSs) responsible for their coordination and effective management. This includes meeting local customers' needs, as well as being responsible for global operational effectiveness, aggregate capacity utilization, cost reduction and standardization. This study examines how all of these ends can be accomplished. Regulating local and global needs emerges as a key issue, but one that lacks clarity. Therefore, this article outlines an approach for developing a coherent, strategic approach. Design/methodology/approach: A field study of eighteen multinational companies (MNCs) examined and mapped the activity of their QMS, defined representative profiles and compared these profiles to strategic, operational and marketing needs. Findings: The data analysis shows several gaps in the approach to global quality management. The lack of coherence and considerable vagueness in addressing inter-organizational processes leads to behavior that fluctuates between absolute autonomy and specific initiatives aimed at reaching the necessary level of integration needed to achieve operational effectiveness. Originality/value: The innovative mapping process and analysis of the current study provide a tool for differentiating between the local and global needs of MNCs' quality systems, identifying gaps and defining activities aimed at regulating responses while increasing global added value from the QMS. This provides deeper insight into the business needs of global and local QMSs to enhance the value derived from coordination and regulation. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This paper aims to present an empirical test to analyze a structural process model based on constructs of organizational innovativeness types considering sustainability aspects. It explores interdependency among constructs of organizational innovativeness identified as product, process, behavioral, market, strategic and risk innovativeness. It integrates a dynamic capability perspective to strengthen the existing literature. Design/methodology/approach: Sample for data analysis covers 389 managers of firms demonstrating some traits of sustainability orientation and operating in a developing economy like India. Structural equation modeling is applied to test the causal model. Findings: Study reveals that risk innovativeness along with strategic innovativeness leads to behavioral innovativeness which further causes product innovativeness and business process innovativeness. Business process innovativeness supports product innovativeness leading to market innovativeness of a firm. Characteristics of organizational innovativeness linked with the risk-taking ability of top management can be a critical differentiating factor between conventional and sustainability-oriented firms. Research limitations/implications: The factor of risk innovativeness was applied as per the existing measurement scale and has a scope for further exploration. It also offers an opportunity to reassess organizational innovativeness processes considering sustainability aspects. Practical implications: The study may help organizations to develop a systemic approach to evolve and develop business processes linked to organizational innovativeness considering sustainability challenges and uncertain market conditions. Social implications: Development of organizational innovativeness considering sustainability aspects may lead to innovative and disruptive products/services leading to mitigate climate change issues, thus helping global societies in long run. Originality/value: The study offers common ground linked to the bodies of research related to dynamic capabilities, micro-foundations of dynamic capabilities, innovative capability and sustainability. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Despite growing interest in river and catchment restoration, including a focus on nature-based solutions, assessing effectiveness of restoration programmes continues to prove a challenge. The development of the Eddleston Water project, the Scottish Government’s empirical study of the impact of implementing natural flood management measures on flood risk and habitat restoration, provides the opportunity to review restoration monitoring at a strategic and operational level for this long-running catchment restoration programme. The project has implemented an extensive range of restoration measures along the river and across the 69 km2 catchment. This paper reviews the monitoring strategy and assesses both how the monitoring network developed meets its strategic aims and what subsequent changes were made in monitoring design and implementation. Covering hydrology, hydromorphology and ecology, we explore how all three are integrated to provide a comprehensive assessment of restoration success. Lessons to help inform other river rehabilitation monitoring programmes include the importance of a scoping study and capturing the full range of environmental variables pre-restoration; the limitations of BACI designs; and the need to focus integrated monitoring on a process-based framework and impact cascade, whilst also covering the full trajectory of recovery. © 2022 by the authors.
Crossing structures (CS) for wildlife are important mitigation strategies to offset impacts of roads on wildlife. However, information on CS use for the Indian subcontinent or the global tiger landscapes is scarce. We monitored wildlife use of nine CS on a national highway in a critical tiger conservation landscape in India. 21 wild mammals were found to use the CS within a span of 2 years. Tigers, wild dogs, most small mammals and ungulates were found to use CS that were near protected area, while ungulates and small mammals preferred CS with proximal vegetation cover. High species richness was observed under large CS. Similar capture rates for large carnivores between CS and adjacent habitat were observed. We found varied responses by structure generalists and specialists, a consequence of animal behavior and tolerance to human disturbance. We posit that animal behavior holds the key to designing and managing effective wildlife CS. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The management of solid waste is currently seen as one of the most important concerns that national authorities, particularly in south Europe, must address. In recent years, emphasis has begun to be paid to Construction and Demolition Waste (CDW) being the largest waste stream in the European Union that is produced by renovation and repair work on buildings, roads, bridges, and other constructions made of bulky materials such as asphalt, bricks, wood, and plastic. Many EU countries responded quickly as a result of the large amounts of such waste and the presence of hazardous substances in their composition. This study illustrates the anticipated outcomes of several CDW management strategies other than final disposal, such as recycling, reuse, and incineration, for a public-school building in Greece. In order to assess how well the chosen schemes performed in terms of various environmental criteria, the SimaPro software suite and the Ecoinvent v.3 Life Cycle Inventory database were used. In order to enhance the quality of the outcomes, inventory data from earlier studies were also employed as input data for the Life Cycle Assessment tool. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: This illustrative case study describes and evaluates drivers of effective inter-organizational collaboration to mitigate the impact and spread of COVID-19 among homeless people in two cities in the Netherlands. The aims of this study are: (1) to explore the strategic and operational policy responses in two local integrated care settings at the start of the crisis, (2) to identify best policy practices and lessons learned. The authors interpret and evaluate the findings by combining insights from the population health management (PHM) and collaborative governance literature. Design/methodology/approach: The authors describe and illustrate the experiences of two Dutch municipalities, Rotterdam and The Hague, in the early policy responses to sudden operational challenges around the impact of COVID-19 on homeless people as experienced by local decision-makers, medical doctors and clients. Findings: The authors show that best policy practices revolve around (1) using data and risk stratification methods for identifying and targeting populations at-risk in local policy making, and (2) having an inter-organizational data sharing architecture in place ex ante. These two factors were clear prerequisites for tailor-made policy responses for newly-defined groups at risk with the existing and well-documented vulnerable population, and executing crisis-induced tasks efficiently. Originality/value: This paper is among the first to illustrate the potential of combining collaborative governance and PHM perspectives to identify key drivers of effective local governance responses to a healthcare crisis in an integrated care setting. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Devising a concrete plan for power supply should conduct the best technology-capacity-time strategy while satisfying fuel, infrastructure, and trading constraints. Addressing sustainability concerning stakeholders' opinions aligned with upstream policies escalates the problem, demanding new reliable frameworks. This paper aims to develop an integrated simulation–optimization decision support system for electricity generation planning. A differential evolution algorithm simulates the future power supply configurations. A linear programming model characterizes the optimal pathways towards those futures. Multi-criteria decision-making methods are also included for determining the preference weights of sustainability indicators and ranking the scenarios. The proposed framework offers a sustainable plan for Iran by 2050. The sustainability criteria are tracked and compared with a business as usual (BAU) scheme. The results show that the broader deployment of wind turbine primarily, solar thermal subsequently, is the major source of difference in the sustainable expansion compared to BAU. Those technologies along with photovoltaics, contribute to 48% of the generation at the end of the planning horizon. However, the findings indicate that even the extensive utilization of renewable energy sources cannot guarantee sustainability improvement all through the planning period. Thus, supply-side plans should be appropriately supported by demand-side strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Volcanic sites can be considered strategic areas for conservation and protection policies, but such policies may involve considerable costs However, not only are volcanic sites often integral to the tourism industry and, hence, of potential significant benefit to local economies in general; entrance fee income from tourists can also contribute to management and conservation costs in particular. Nevertheless, seasonal variations in tourism demand, resulting in over-and under-tourism situations, may impact on both the level of income generated as well as on the sustainability of sites Therefore, based on a case study of Mt Etna in Italy, this study considers establishing appropriate entry fee levels for volcano areas. First, a logit model is applied to the relevant socio-demographic and site-specific variables. The entrance fees are estimated on visitors' willingness to pay and demand elasticity. Applying contingent valuation method (CVM), two groups of tourists (high and low season visitors) are identified and surveyed, with each group demonstrating different willingness to pay and elasticity levels. Rather than applying a single fee, different entrance fees for the two groups are found to generate a higher level of revenue for the park's economic equilibrium. In addition, the different entrance fees offer the potential to mitigate the peak effects of over-tourism and support demand during under-tourism, with clear sustainability consequences. The results, which confirm four hypotheses set about Mt. Etna, could facilitate decision-makers in determining a feasible balance between management costs, tourism demand characteristics and protection commitments. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The introduction of the Industry 4.0 and Society 5.0 concepts has been undoubtedly challenging, and the readiness towards them could be fundamentally enhanced by strategic management and entrepreneurial governance. Bureaucracy in the majority of developing countries, including Indonesia, is an impediment due to the delays in bureaucratic reform and weak patterns of communication and coordination between their institutions. This study aims to analyze the readiness towards the era of Industry 4.0, and Society 5.0 in Indonesia from the perspectives of strategic management of the bureaucracy and entrepreneurial government. We undertake a case study on the organization of the Deputy for Human Resources of the Indonesian Ministry of Empowerment of the State Apparatus and Bureaucratic Reform and use a mixed method that simultaneously combines quantitative and qualitative methods. The resulted data from observations, in-depth interviews, and focus group discussions were then analyzed using path analysis, descriptive methods, and qualitative approaches. Our results finding shows that there is a strategic value in data-based policies, and the ownership of data from various perspectives is strategically used as a direction for policymakers. One of the impacts of the Industry 4.0 and Society 5.0 concepts is that the world has become increasingly connected. Hence, there are no boundaries between systems. Bureaucratic strategic management and entrepreneurial government have a significant effect on the readiness towards the Industry 4.0, and Society 5.0 concepts, in Indonesia, either partially or simultaneously. © 2022 by the authors.
Past research rooted in the Behavioral Theory of the Firm has extensively examined the impact of performance feedback on organizational change and risk taking, finding robust effects that performance shortfalls enhance the risk taking of firms. We argue that the strength of this effect is likely to be contingent on the attributes of the firm’s top management team. To enhance our understanding of which firms are more likely to be sensitive to performance cues, we draw on the Upper Echelon Theory to theorize that key structural attributes of the top management team—tenure and gender diversity, size, and pay disparity—affect how top executives interpret poor performance and act upon it through engagement in strategic risk taking. Results show that top management teams with greater tenure diversity, smaller size, and smaller pay disparity among members engage in more strategic risk taking following performance shortfalls. © The Author(s) 2020.
Water management has followed a basin unit paradigm for several decades. This framing often inherits a pre-defined spatial and institutional boundary of analysis, one that largely fails to account for various externalities influencing water security beyond the hydrological unit. Moving away from this established basin-scale analysis, we present the concept of problemscapes, a systems approach for understanding how multiple physical and social drivers surrounding (and as part of) contextual water systems determine how they work and, ultimately, the outcomes in terms of the water security they provide. By first discussing the concept of boundaries for water paradigms, we argue that problemscapes can help us understand water security as a more dynamic and hybrid system by adapting these boundaries; enabling a clearer understanding of leverage points, interconnections and possible strategic solutions to longer-term water security challenges. We apply the method for establishing and utilizing a problemscape analysis across the Central Rift Valley, Upper Awash, and Abbay basins, as well as the capital city of Addis Ababa. The interactions in this part of Central Ethiopia are notoriously complex, with sets of critical water management issues at national and international scale, hybrid water security challenges across user communities, and contested management at different scales amidst multiple, and sometimes competing, ideologies. We show that problemscaping as an approach could support future planning decisions for long-term water security by enabling a systems perspective to emerge where complexity and connectivity between actors, institutions, and physical and social entities is considered. Copyright © 2022 Polaine, Nicol, Amezaga, Berihun, Dessalegn and Haile.
The stakeholder theory was proposed as a holistic way of managing organizations that acknowledged stakeholders' roles and the firm's fiduciary duty towards them. Despite the theory being firmly rooted in organizational management, trends of published research showcase and stakeholder scholars' rue that the adoption of stakeholder theory in strategic management research has been limited. This study aims to extend our understanding of the constrained endorsement of stakeholder theory in strategic management research by revisiting the theory's origins. We review some of the significant theoretical studies contributing to the theory's growth and development and identify theoretical issues related to considerable debate amongst academicians. Lending legitimacy to our arguments, we also identify and discuss a few recent strategic management studies that still have been developing and building on the initial debates related to the stakeholder theory. The authors believe that addressing these persistent gaps in the theory might further the theory's adoption in strategic management research and practice. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Greenhouse gas (GHG) fluxes from grasslands are affected by climate warming and agricultural management practices including nitrogen (N) fertiliser application and grazing. However, the interactive effects of these factors are poorly resolved in field studies. We used a factorial in situ experiment - combining warming, N-fertiliser and above-ground cutting treatments - to explore their individual and interactive effects on plant-soil properties and GHG fluxes in a temperate UK grassland over two years. Our results showed no interactive treatment effects on plant productivity despite individual effects of N-fertiliser and warming on above- and below-ground biomass. There were, however, interactive treatment effects on GHG fluxes that varied across the two years. In year 1, warming and N-fertiliser increased CO2 and reduced N2O fluxes. N-fertilised also interacted with above-ground biomass (AGB) removal increasing N2O fluxes in year one and reducing CO2 fluxes in year two. The grassland was consistently a sink of CH4; N-fertilised increased the sink by 45% (year 1), AGB removal and warming reduced CH4 consumption by 44% and 43%, respectively (year 2). The majority of the variance in CO2 fluxes was explained by above-ground metrics (grassland productivity and leaf dry matter content), with microclimate (air and soil temperature and soil moisture) and below-ground (root N content) metrics also significant. Soil chemistry (soil mineral N and net mineralisation rate), below-ground (specific root length) and microclimate (soil moisture) metrics explained 49% and 24% of the variance in N2O and CH4 fluxes, respectively. Overall, our work demonstrates the importance of interactions between climate and management as determinants of short-term grassland GHG fluxes. These results show that reduced cutting combined with lower inorganic N-fertilisers would constrain grassland C and N cycling and GHG fluxes in warmer climatic conditions. This has implications for strategic grassland management decisions to mitigate GHG fluxes in a warming world. © 2022
Purpose: A lack of sourcing-specific team research prevents a full understanding of sourcing teamwork effectiveness (STE). Moreover, the limited purchasing and supply management (PSM) team literature often tends to focus on an aggregate group level. The paper makes a step towards adopting an individual actor perspective on teamwork effectiveness with an emphasis on the context of sourcing, explicating the effects of team-member knowledge, skills and abilities (KSAs), and examining how these relationships are moderated by a common learning experience of strategic sourcing masterclass. Design/methodology/approach: Based on a cross-sectional survey, this study analyses a sample of 90 sourcing team members from a global aerospace manufacturing company using hierarchical regression analysis. Findings: The results suggest that four of the five KSAs positively and significantly affect STE; the exception was collaborative problem solving. Masterclass learning outcomes were found to positively moderate the effects of these KSAs on STE, again exclusive of the collaborative problem-solving KSA. Research limitations/implications: Cross-sectional design focused only on the aerospace sector may affect generalizability. Further, longitudinal research designs would capture the effects of the common learning experience over an extended period. Practical implications: Sourcing team members could be selected based on having KSAs which significantly affect teamwork effectiveness. Training and development for sourcing teams should combine guided reflexivity and cross-training to deliver learning outcomes that create similar team mental models. Originality/value: The study provides an individual team-member perspective on the functioning of sourcing teams which is absent in the extant research. It contributes to the very limited research base on skills in PSM. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Context: Identifying the habitat preferences and core areas of Inia geoffrensis activity is essential to designing effective strategies for the management and conservation of Amazon River dolphins and their habitats in the Colombian Amazonas River and Orinoco basin. Objectives: Quantify the differential use of habitat that Amazon River dolphins exhibit and identify core areas of activity during seasons of rising waters in the Colombian Amazonas River and five major rivers in the Orinoco basin. Methods: Based on processed satellite images from Landsat 8 (2018–2021), we classified habitat types used by I. geoffrensis as reported in the literature as follows: (1) main river, (2) confluences, (3) tributaries, (4) channels, (5) islands, (6) bays, and (7) lagoons. We combined this dataset with GPS location data obtained from 17 tagged Amazon River dolphins to quantify the proportion of habitat types used. We used kernel density estimate (KDE) analysis to identify both areas used (K95) and core areas (K50) in the habitat types for the satellite-monitored individuals. Results: Satellite tracking of I. geoffrensis individuals reported 16,098 locations classified into seven habitat types. For the analyzed period (rising waters) main habitat types used were as follow: (1) main river (n = 9144, 57%); (2) confluences (n = 932, 6%); (3) tributaries (n = 1423, 9%); (4) channels (n = 1597, 10%); (5) islands (n = 738, 5%); (6) bays (n = 1096, 7%), and (7) lagoons (n = 1168, 7%). Home range size (K95) for the satellite-monitored I. geoffrensis individuals ranged from 6 to 116 km2 (mean = 40 ± 33); and the largest core areas (K50) or core area of activity were recorded in the main river, confluences, channels, bays, lagoons, and tributaries. Conclusions: Our results demonstrated the importance of spatial ecology analysis of Amazon River dolphins for the definition of protected areas, quantifying the use of ecosystems within these areas, and the location of priority areas for the implementation of management plans for the species and habitats. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Although acquisition strategies have been widely used by firms, past research has suggested that this type of strategic tactic can be risky, hence top management must justify this decision. Top management can engage in hubristic behaviors to do so. Therefore, we investigate if it is possible to identify the hubristic managerial before the decision is implemented, and how hubristic behaviors by the managers impact the long-term market performance of the firm. Using a sample of 11 596 firms over a span of 27 years, we found that managers actively manipulate firm performance prior to an acquisition, the degree of manipulation affects the degree of long-term performance, and the top management's decision to purchase the asset will negatively affect firm organizational performance. We contribute to organizational strategic decision-making literature by showing that managers may act with hubris in acquisitions decisions and that this hubris is predictable. Our results also suggest that top managers in pursuit of a corporate acquisition will need to justify their decision making to the board of directors by illustrating their success in managing the firm through high firm performance. © 1988-2012 IEEE.
Nitrous oxide and ammonia emissions from farmland need to be abated as they directly or indirectly affect climate warming and crop yield. We conducted a two-year field experiment to investigate the effect of biochar applied at two rates (no biochar application vs. biochar applied at 10 t ha−1) on gaseous nitrogen (N) losses (N2O emissions and NH3 volatilization), plant N uptake, residual soil mineral N, and peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.) yield under three irrigation regimes: furrow irrigation (FI), drip irrigation (DI), and mulched drip irrigation (MDI). We found that MDI reduced residual (post-harvest) soil mineral N, cumulative N2O emissions, and yield-scaled N2O emissions as compared to FI. Biochar application increased residual soil NO3−-N and decreased yield-scaled N2O emissions as compared with the control without biochar application. Under the three irrigation regimes, biochar application decreased cumulative NH3 volatilization and increased plant N uptake and yield compared with the control. Biochar application improved the sustainability of peanut production and could be used to alleviate the environmental damage associated with gaseous N emissions. Where possible, biochar application under MDI in peanut fields is recommended as a management strategy to minimize gaseous N losses. © 2022
The growing demand for hospital services and the pressure to incorporate sustainable strategies into hospital management have led hospitals to rethink their business model and seek new ways to manage their operations. Corporate sustainability is an important way to make hospitals more sustainable and competitive. Therefore, this paper proposes a framework that contains the drivers for the management of sustainability in hospitals (SH), developed through the content analysis method. As a result, this study proposes five drivers: toward the circular economy; making sustainable buildings; adopting knowledge management and organizational culture; employing management systems, tools, and methods; and applying technological innovations. This framework contributes in a managerial way to helping managers of hospitals in managing sustainability; making their businesses fairer, greener, and more prosperous; and fulfilling their commitments to the well-being of their employees and society, providing a basis for moving toward the premises of the United Nation’s 2030 Agenda. This study also scientifically contributes to the academic maturation of the topic by systematizing elements and adding insights to the state of the art on SH. It is recommended that future studies add new elements to the drivers or even propose new drivers for the continuous scientific advancement of this topic. © 2022 by the authors.
To promote a better understanding of the effectiveness in project portfolio management (PPM), this article investigates how PPM effectiveness can be achieved. Conducting case study research with four market-leading organizations in USA, the results reveal different practices, summarized into five contributors of PPM effectiveness. These contributors are 1) a high degree of interaction with strategic management activities through PPM process and structure, 2) a strong relationship with functions responsible for managing multiple projects, 3) a consulting responsibility of project management office, 4) the organization's cultural traits regarding involvement, consistency, and sense of mission, and 5) an integrative complexity, a cognitive attribute of the PPM committee members. These findings provide a basis for both researchers and practitioners for reassessing, improving, and developing PPM approaches and working conditions that enhance PPM effectiveness.  © 1988-2012 IEEE.
Extended-spectrum β-lactamases (ESBL)-producing Enterobacterales have been classified as critical priority pathogens by the World Health Organization (WHO). ESBL are universally distributed and, in 2006, were firstly reported on a wild animal. Understanding the relative contributions of wild animals to ESBL circulation in the environment is urgently needed. In this work, we have conducted a nationwide study in Portugal to investigate the occurrence of bacteria carrying clinically significant antimicrobial resistance genes (ARG), using widely distributed wild ungulates as model species. A total of 151 antimicrobial resistant-Enterobacterales isolates were detected from 181 wild ungulates: 50% (44/88) of isolates from wild boar (Sus scrofa), 40.3% (25/62) from red deer (Cervus elaphus), 41.4% (12/29) from fallow deer (Dama dama) and 100% (2/2) from mouflon (Ovis aries subsp. musimon). Selected isolates showed a diversified resistance profile, with particularly high values corresponding to ampicillin (71.5%) and tetracycline (63.6%). Enterobacterales strains carried blaTEM, tetA, tetB, sul2, sul1 or dfrA1 ARG genes. They also carried blaCTX-M-type genes, which are prevalent in human infections, namely CTX-M-14, CTX-M-15 and CTX-M-98. Strikingly, this is the first report of CTX-M-98 in wildlife. Almost 40% (n = 59) of Enterobacterales were multi-drug resistant. The diversity of plasmids carried by ESBL isolates was remarkable, including IncF, K and P. This study highlights the potential role of wild ungulates as environmental reservoirs of CTX-M ESBL-producing E. coli and in the spill-over of AMR bacteria and their determinants. Our findings suggest that wild ungulates are useful as strategic sentinel species of AMR in terrestrial environments, especially in response to potential sources of anthropogenic pollution, providing early warning of potential risks to human, animal and environmental health. © 2022 The Authors
We consider a seller who repeatedly sells a nondurable product to a single customer whose valuations of the product are drawn from a certain distribution. The seller, who initially does not know the valuation distribution, may use the customer's purchase history to learn and wishes to choose a pricing policy that maximizes her long-run revenue. Such a problem is at the core of personalized revenue management where the seller can access each customer's individual purchase history and offer personalized prices. In this paper, we study such a learning problem when the customer is aware of the seller's policy and thus may behave strategically when making a purchase decision. By using a Bayesian setting with a binary prior, we first show that a popular policy in this setting—the myopic Bayesian policy (MBP)—may lead to incomplete learning of the seller, namely, the seller may never be able to ascertain the true type of the customer and the regret may grow linearly over time. The failure of the MBP is due to the strategic action taken by the customer. To address the strategic behavior of the customers, we first analyze a Stackelberg game under a two-period model. We derive the optimal policy of the seller in the two-period model and show that the regret can be significantly reduced by using the optimal policy rather than the myopic policy. However, such a game is hard to analyze in general. Nevertheless, based on the idea used in the two-period model, we propose a randomized Bayesian policy (RBP), which updates the posterior belief of the customer in each period with a certain probability, as well as a deterministic Bayesian policy (DBP), in which the seller updates the posterior belief periodically and always defers her update to the next cycle. For both the RBP and DBP, we show that the seller can learn the customer type exponentially fast even if the customer is strategic, and the regret is bounded by a constant. We also propose policies that achieve asymptotically optimal regrets when only a finite number of price changes are allowed. © 2022 Production and Operations Management Society.
Sustainable development entails socio-economic wellbeing, which is often threatened by weather hazards. Indeed, the need to minimise the adverse impact of climate change and extreme weather events cannot be overstressed. Notably, damage to the built environment by extreme weather and its consequential effects is highly significant. This emphasises the need for a climate-resilient built environment. Thus, this study derived the strategic capability areas required by business organisations to achieve the flood resilience of their built environment. The research method involved rounds of review by a carefully selected team of experts, and the review of lessons from four case studies. Twenty-six capability areas were identified from literature but were consolidated to nineteen at the end of data collection and analysis. The capability areas covered how properties are used and managed as well as the actual fabric and design of business premises/properties. The capability areas included awareness and understanding of flood risk to property, review for a flood resilience scheme, product acquisition for flood risk management, dynamic stakeholder identification and strong network, maintenance and post-flood management scheme, physical characteristics of the property and business data management. Professionals and business organisations can use the outcome of this study as a guide for business premises flood resilience enhancement planning and decision making. © 2022 by the authors.
Human Resource Management (HRM) practitioners must play multiple roles to achieve both functional and organizational objectives. In the current business environment, Electronic Human Resource Management (E-HRM) is a pervasive application of Information Technology (IT), and its global adoption is now widespread. This study’s primary objective is to determine the effect of E-HRM implementation in Sri Lanka on the evolving HRM function. The study employed a qualitative methodology. On the basis of prior research, a study framework was formulated. After collecting the findings, the researcher analyzed the data using the study framework. To answer the research question and attain the research objectives, the researcher compared the theory to the findings during the analysis. The researcher determined that HRM was unfamiliar with E-HRM applications but was utilizing E-HR tools in their daily operations. According to the study, HRM places a greater emphasis on administrative tasks. The greatest benefit of implementing E-HRM practice is that it liberates HRM from intermediary roles, allowing them to focus on strategic planning in HR organizations and transforming HR practitioners from administrative paper handlers to strategic planners. © 2022 by the authors.
A novel multi-degree-of-freedom parallel hybrid propulsion system with multi-gear for heavy-duty vehicles is proposed to optimize fuel economy, driving comfort, and dynamic performance. The system has a compact structure and high integration. The detailed design and the power flow of the parallel hybrid propulsion system are introduced. The full power system prototype is designed and assembled. The control methods for the driving torque compensation and energy management are investigated. The simulated results of the parallel hybrid propulsion system are presented. The propulsion system power is not interrupted during gear shifting with the torque compensation control. The jerk of the vehicle is also reduced during shifting. The internal combustion engine can work more efficiently in the hybrid propulsion mode with the equivalent consumption minimization strategy. The purpose of this paper is to provide a hybrid driving scheme for commercial vehicles. © 2022
Red mud storage is associated with an increased risk of dam failure and there is an urgent need to address the environmental problem caused by the very fine particle size (average 4.9 µm) of red mud with high alkalinity (pH = 10–12.5) in the alumina industry. The specific objective of this study was to investigate the use of red mud based on the “simulation” integrating the sustainability aspect through the PROMETHEE method. The data source is from a field survey with experts conducted at the research location from the province of West Kalimantan, Indonesia. The results of the study using the PROMETHEE ranking parameter showed that the best optimal industrial cluster sites were Ketapang, followed by Belitung Island, Mempawah, and Teluk Batang, with scores of 0.4167, 0.0476, 0.0, and −0.463, respectively. However, using economic input and environmental output, the efficient frontier showed that Ketapang, Teluk Batang, and Pulau Belitung are efficient sites. Considerably more work will need to be carried out to determine the strategic partner in the increasing significant added value in the red mud industrial cluster sites. © 2022 by the authors.
The significant increase in data availability and high-computing power and innovations in real-time monitoring systems enable the technological transformation of the mining industry. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and data-driven methods are becoming appealing solutions to tackle different challenges in mining operations where an increasingly larger body of research is being published. Strategic mine planning is one of the areas that can be greatly enhanced with the adaptation of AI techniques to make intelligent data-driven decisions. This paper presents a systematic literature review to identify research trends in this field both in the specific area of application and the AI technique used. Papers from popular scientific databases were compiled and categorized into three main identified research areas in this field: Production Planning and Scheduling, Equipment Management and Grade Control, and individual AI techniques were catalogued. The results indicated an exponential growth in the general number of publications, where the most consolidated techniques across all applications were Genetic Algorithms and Discrete Simulation. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Maintaining healthy forests requires multiple individuals, including foresters who develop timber sale silvicultural prescriptions and loggers who implement those prescriptions, resulting in the transplantation of forest health science into workable management plans. However, data on the experiences, attitudes, and opinions of these two groups are often missing when developing or refining forest health treatment strategies. To explore the role that these groups play in sustaining forest health, we examined timber sale administrators’ and loggers’ perspectives on treatment approaches for eastern spruce dwarf mistletoe (Arceuthobium pusillum) (ESDM), a parasitic plant native to Minnesota that increases mortality and reduces growth rate and regeneration success of black spruce (Picea mariana). While ESDM has been managed for decades in black spruce stands in Minnesota, little is known about the effectiveness of the management approaches. Data were gathered through interviews and focus groups with loggers, as well as an online survey and focus groups with foresters who administer timber sales. Study participants identified a range of field-based barriers, knowledge gaps, and uncertainties that hamper the ability to effectively implement ESDM treatment strategies as designed, including financial, administrative, informational, policy-related, and environmental factors. These factors have a significant bearing on the ability to effectively implement ESDM treatment approaches; yet may be factors that were not known or considered when developing treatment strategies. This case study underscores the value of nurturing a science–management partnership to ensure that a broad set of voices are considered when developing or revising forest health treatment strategies. © 2022, This is a U.S. government work and not under copyright protection in the U.S.; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Purpose: Drawing on the resource-based view, this study aims to investigate the conditions under which small- and medium-sized retailers can improve competitive benefits through the lens of brand equity and strategies for competitive advantage in retail buying groups. Design/methodology/approach: This study collected 241 samples from small- and medium-sized supermarket retailers who joined retail buying groups in Japan. Findings: This study offers two key findings. First, the results indicate that a buying group’s brand equity partially mediates the relationship between member retailers’ strategic integration and their buying group benefits. Second, member retailers with a stronger differentiation orientation strengthen the positive impact of strategic integration on the buying group’s brand equity and buying group benefits. The moderating effects of low-cost orientation were not found to be significant. Practical implications: To highlight the sustainable growth of small- and medium-sized retailers in retail buying groups, which are often ignored in the extant literature, this study offers practical guidance on the importance of a buying group’s brand equity. In addition, based on the findings, this paper postulates that member retailers pursuing differentiation orientation, rather than low-cost orientation, are more beneficial to retail buying groups in terms of relational outcomes and performance consequences. Originality/value: By conceptualizing brand equity in retail buying groups, this study suggests a novel approach for retail management that investigates how a buying group’s brand equity is linked to strategic integration, strategies for competitive advantage and buying group benefits from the viewpoint of member retailers. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In this paper, a Q-learning fuzzy inference system (QLFIS)-based online control architecture is proposed and applied for the optimal control of off-road hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) to achieve better dynamic performance, fuel economy and real-time performance. A dynamic model, including a hybrid system, vehicle dynamics and road model, is established to obtain the state feedback according to the current driving environment under command. The optimal control strategy and objective function are both constructed by an adaptive network fuzzy inference system (ANFIS) due to its strong approaching ability. The fuzzy rules and parameters are trained online through the Q-learning algorithm and gradient descent method. This control framework provides a new control idea for the control of off-road vehicles. Without knowing the driving cycle in advance, it achieves a good control effect for different driving environments through online data collection and training. The QLFIS-based control strategy is compared to dynamic programming (DP)-based and rule-based strategies based on two different off-road driving cycles through simulation. The simulation results show that the vehicle dynamic performance and fuel economy are improved with respect to the rule-based strategy, while the calculation time is greatly reduced compared to that of the DP-based strategy. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The classification and quantification of kitchen and food waste is a necessary strategy to improve the sustainability of waste management. The objective of this study was to quantify and describe the solid waste generated in the kitchen (food processing zone) and canteen of an official institution over the course of a year. A waste sampling protocol was established, which made it possible to identify, classify and characterize the generated waste. It generated 802.4 kg of total waste/day, representing 0.34 kg.day1.person-1, with similar averages in the processing and canteen zones and greater generation during the main meals. Dry (15%), wet (73%) and mixed (11.8%) wastes were identified. Dry waste was generated mainly in the processing area, and to manage it during the preparation of the main menu, the practices included in the 4Rs are proposed. The strategy of source separation of said area will allow a 93.5% reduction of mixed waste. The generated wet waste was 587.77 kg/day. Among other characteristics, wet waste showed acid pH, high moisture content, balanced lignocellulose biomass composition and C/N ratios within the range considered optimal for biological transformation such as aerobic composting and/or anaerobic digestion or fermentation. In addition, it is rich in protein and fiber, which is why it is proposed to manufacture animal feed as an alternative destination for digestion processes. This study identifies great potential for sustainable management of food loss and waste, in accordance with the objectives of the circular economy. © 2022, Asociacion Argentina de Ecologia. All rights reserved.
Reducing emissions caused by urban freight transportation is an increasingly important policy objective for transportation planners around the world. New and innovative ways of data collection provide new possibilities to analyze these issues. In this paper we present MASS-GT, a new multi-agent simulation system for urban goods transport. The empirical basis is provided by an exceptionally large dataset of truck trip travel diaries for The Netherlands that was collected from transportation management systems using an automated data collection interface. The dataset is very dense and includes information on vehicles, routes, and shipments carried. The strategic part of the model simulates the formation of individual shipments based on logistic processes at a strategic level, such as sourcing, distribution channel choice and shipment size choice. At tactical level disaggregate choices are simulated for tour formation, vehicle type- and time of day choice, based on observed distributions. The multi-agent approach allows to implement heterogeneous preferences and thus differentiated responses to new policies. We present an application of the model to study the impacts of urban consolidation centers (UCC) and zero emission zones. The freight transportation volumes transported to these UCC and their impact on logistic indicators are analyzed. Simulation results show that vehicle kilometers travelled within the wider region increase with the introduction of UCC, and at the same time the efficiency of deliveries increases as well. Thus the model allows to study trade-offs between regional and local systems that emerge from different behavioural responses to policies. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
The agri-food and forestry sectors are under increasing pressure to adapt to climate change, consumer concern, technological and economic change, and complex global value chains. In turn, such challenges require that the necessary skills and competences are identified at various levels and within specific areas of the sectors. For that purpose, eleven focus groups in nine different EU-countries and two at EU-level were organized within the ERASMUS+ project “FIELDS” with the participation of farmers, cooperatives, agri-food companies, foresters, forest industries, advisors, and education providers to identify the skills needed in the agri-food and forestry sectors. The focus group participants identified business and strategic management skills, communication skills, and other skills related to sustainability, entrepreneurship, digital and soft skills to be most important for the agri-food and forestry sectors as a whole. © 2022 by the authors.
Incorporating sustainable decisions with the retailer’s operational management has attracted enormous significance due to government regulations and customer demand for environmental consciousness. However, incorporating sustainable operations may interfere with the operational performance of the firm and, hence, retail companies need to examine the influence of these operations on overall supply chain efficiency. The present study develops a performance measurement model based on a two-stage network data envelopment analysis (DEA) technique for measuring the joint impact of sustainable operations and operational activities on the business performance of a retail company. A case study of an Indian electronic retail chain is presented to reveal the potentiality and suitability of the proposed models. The novelty of the paper lies in establishing DEA models for an Indian retail chain company and for providing an analytical understanding of the conditions under which the strategic decisions at the operational level successfully support the integration of sustainable operations into the SC management. The results show that the additional sustainable constraints lead to improved operational efficiency of some firms of the retail chain and result in improved business efficiency, while for other firms the integration of sustainable objectives decrease business efficiency. The significance of the study lies in providing efficient target conditions for inefficient retail stores to improve their performance. The findings of the study provide meaningful insights to Indian retailers venturing into sustainable retailing operations for enhancing the operational and business efficiency of the supply chain. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
The United States (U.S.) aims to reduce half of food loss and waste (FLW) by 2030. To achieve this goal, the public, academic, and political attentions on FLW have been increasing, and a series of actions have been implemented. However, the actions lack consideration on the categorical priority of FLW mitigation in relation to environmental footprints. In this article, we compare the FLW of three main plant food categories (i.e., grains, vegetables, and fruits) and their water and carbon footprints during 1970–2017. The vegetable FLW doubled during the period, reaching 3.39 × 1010 kg in 2017, which was 5- and 2-fold higher than the FLW of grains and fruits, respectively. The FLW of vegetables, grains, and fruits contributed 29%, 47%, and 24% to the total blue water wasted through FLW. The total carbon dioxide emissions generated by plant FLW were contributed by vegetables with 50%, grains with 31%, and fruits with 19%. Canonical correspondence analysis indicates that vegetable FLW had a higher positive correlation with urbanization, household incomes, gross domestic product, and high-income population than grain FLW, whereas fruit FLW was not influenced by these socioeconomic factors. Therefore, we suggest that the FLW mitigation should be prioritized on vegetables. Specific strategies include local food sourcing, shortening food miles, building food belts, and developing controlled-environment agriculture. Our data-based comparisons provide valuable insights into food policy improvement for achieving the 2030 reduction goal of the U.S., but the insights could be improved by considering the influences of foods imported from other nations. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The Arab region is one of the most water scarce regions in the world with 19 states below the water scarcity threshold including 13 states below the absolute water scarcity. Groundwater is heavily relied upon and it is the primary source of freshwater in more than 11 Arab States, yet the invisible and complex character of groundwater being underground and out of sight has not given it the due attention it deserves. Hence, this report explores the importance of groundwater and the challenges it is facing, with the aim of bolstering its status to a strategic resource for the Arab region. Amid the water scarcity situation, limited renewable groundwater resources continue to be exploited at an unsustainable rate, exceeding the natural recharge rates. Excessive use of groundwater, especially by the agricultural sector combined with low efficiency, has led to the decline in groundwater storage in more than two thirds of the Arab region, where the area of decline has doubled in 2018–2019 compared to 2002. In some countries over 88% of all irrigation water comes from groundwater compared to a global average of just over 37%. Moreover, it is projected that by 2050, available groundwater per capita will have decreased by more than half since the beginning of the century and 17 Arab States, accounting for 79% of the total population, will be below the absolute water scarcity threshold. In addition to their excessive use, groundwater resources are also threatened by anthropogenic pollution sources, from agricultural and industrial practices and from sea water intrusion in coastal cities. The deterioration in the quality of groundwater resources, both due to overexploita-tion and pollution is aggravating the problem of water scarcity. For example, in Beirut, seawa-ter intrusion has shifted inland between 500 and 1,200 m from 1970 reference point. In Gaza, only 25% of wastewater is treated due the lack of proper wastewater collection and treatment infrastructure, which is further complicated by the occupation that has restricted access to natural resources. This is alarming knowing that groundwater is central to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and targets adopted in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development in the region. It is directly linked to SDG6 and central to achieving many other SDGs such as SDG2 for ending hunger. It is also an important component of climate change adaptation, having a high buffer capacity against drought. Accordingly, the projected impacts of climate change on water resources in the region, will further increase dependency on groundwater at a time when groundwater recharge is also projected to decrease, necessitating conjunctive management of surface water and groundwater. The impacts of climate change on groundwater at the aquifer level is showcased by ESCWA on the Beni-Amir aquifer, Morocco and the Eocene aquifer, Palestine. Results from the study on Beni-Amir aquifer indicate that the water table is expected to decrease 10 to 25 m (RCP4.5 and RCP8.5, respectively) by end of century, resulting in partial depletion of resources in the top three layers of the aquifer system, particularly in the northern Beni-Amir area. In the case of Palestine, the results on the Eocene aquifer showed that in the 2041–2060 horizon, the average precipitation is expected to decrease in all scenarios between 3% and 12%, whereas the recharge in 5 out of 6 precipitation scenarios showed a reduction by 12%–16%. Consequently, with no decrease in the aquifer pumping, the water levels in all scenarios will drop. The declining availability of groundwater resources due to increased consumption, development demands, inefficient use and climate change should prompt Arab States to explore innovative and integrated governance frameworks to improve groundwater resources management and ensure equitable access for current and future generations to this strategic resource. Groundwater governance has been historically weak in the Arab region, characterized by fragmented legislations and policies, limited funding, lack of coordination and lack of data and knowledge. More recent evaluation of the management of groundwater resources through the SDG indicator 6.5.1 reporting mechanisms on the degree of implementation of IWRM has unfortunately reinforced some of the main challenges listed above in the Arab region mainly in terms of lack of implementation of management tools and proper financing. In response to the lack or fragmentation of groundwater management policies, ESCWA developed regional groundwater abstraction management guidelines offering a unified approach to deal with uncontrolled groundwater exploitation and use. Groundwater governance is further complicated by transboundary aquifers. In fact, all countries, except for Comoros, share at least one aquifer with their neighboring countries. These transboundary aquifers cover almost 58% of the Arab region’s total area. Some of these aquifers are directly connected to surface-water hydrological systems and should also be conjunctively managed. Other transboundary aquifers contain fossil groundwater reserves requiring specialized legal, policy and management frameworks that consider their non-renewable character. The status of regional transboundary water cooperation is captured in a recent regional report prepared by ESCWA on the progress on SDG indicator 6.5.2 in the Arab region for the year 2021. The report revealed the challenges faced by the Arab states that hinder the establishment of well-developed cooperation frameworks which are mainly linked to lack of knowledge and data exchange and financial constraints. However, there are encouraging signs where cooperation on transboundary aquifers has progressed, including a Joint Authority for the Nubian sandstone Aquifer, a cooperation framework for the Senegalo-Mauritanian Aquifer, a signed agreement for the Saq-Ram Aquifer, and a consultation mechanism on the North Western Sahar Aquifer System. These cooperation agreements should be maintained and further developed by holding regular meetings, coordinating objectives and management plans, and regularly exchanging data and information. Regional knowledge exchange around these agreements should be enforced. Advances in technologies provide an opportunity to fill the data and information gap that hinders the management of groundwater. Integrated remote sensing data offer a solution to assess the groundwater status. In addition, Managed Aquifer Recharge (MAR) is one of the most important solutions to consider for securing water supply and for improving groundwater quality where it is deteriorating. MAR is already used in more than 44 sites across the Arab region. Technologies can assist in selection of where MAR can be a potential solution for the region and for improving the water security. Furthermore, in response to the need for availing more data and information on groundwater and improving access to such data as established through the reporting on SDG indicators 6.5.1 and 6.5.2, ESCWA will be initiating an Arab Groundwater Digital Knowledge Platform. This platform aims to increase access to regional knowledge and information on groundwater resources through a dedicated digital interactive platform. Finally, the relation of groundwater to water scarcity, human activity, transboundary water cooperation, climate change, and water governance is highlighted in the following key findings. © 2022, Desalination Publications. All rights reserved.
Within the last few decades, the issue of the environmental performance of European financial institutions has become a significant feature of their strategic plans. Financial institutions can contribute through their own activities and investments, and also through their relationship with economic sectors and consumers, in decreasing environmental footprint. The purpose of this research is to investigate the determinants that affect the environmental performance of European financial institutions. Financial markets have been selected as the main research field for this study, as it presents an opportunity for environmental policy and is useful in view of the need for a wider range of policy instruments. Moreover, on a more practical level, financial institutions can interact with the environment in several ways, such as investors, innovators, valuers, powerful stakeholders, and polluters. The study is based on a mixed methodology approach, which integrates: (i) bibliometric analysis based on R package and (ii) panel data analysis with the assistance of a generalized linear model (GLM). Findings show that socioeconomic, governance, and technology factors positively affect the environmental performance of European financial institutions. Moreover, the incorporation of alternative energy sources, such as renewable energy in the corporate function, is a requirement for greening the financial institutions. The above can guide financial institutions to develop the appropriate strategies for decreasing their environmental footprint, improving their operational efficiency, and becoming more attractive and competitive in the market. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: Management scholars investigated the motivational aspects of volunteers, mainly focusing on their positive reciprocity – individuals feel obligated to reciprocate whenever they receive benefits from others – but neglected the possible role of negative reciprocity, the tendency to retaliate in case of mistreatments. Based on motivational functions theory and the norm of reciprocity, this paper proposes a framework assessing other-oriented and self-oriented motives as the main antecedents of volunteers’ intention to stay in non-profit organizations (NPOs). Design/methodology/approach: Covariance-based structural equation modeling (CB-SEM) and the PROCESS macro were used to empirically validate and test the hypothesized conceptual model on a sample of 379 volunteers actively involved in Italian NPOs. Findings: Positive reciprocity partially mediated the relationships between volunteers’ other-oriented motives and self-oriented motives and their intention to stay. Instead, negative reciprocity fully mediated the relationship between self-oriented motives and intention to stay but not the relationship between other-oriented motives and intention to stay. Practical implications: Managers and marketers of NPOs should pay more attention to volunteers’ attitudinal and behavioral signals to encourage within-organization positive reciprocal attitudes and discourage negative reciprocal attitudes. This represents a strategic lever to prevent volunteers from quitting the organization – which is one of the most critical challenges for NPOs’ management – and improve their intention to stay. Originality/value: This is one of the first studies that simultaneously investigate the mediating role of both positive and negative reciprocity of volunteers actively involved in NPOs. Moreover, the constructs of other-oriented and self-oriented motivations are statistically validated as two separate psychological dimensions impacting on volunteers’ turnover. Finally, the study has been conducted in the Region of Tuscany (Italy) which, despite its centuries-old tradition of volunteerism, has received scant attention by non-profit scholars. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This study aims to elucidate reference points and organizational identity in letters to shareholders (LTSs) of publishing companies and develops propositions on their relation to strategic adaptation. This study examines how characteristics of reference points (number, temporality and specificity) and organizational identity (focus, discontinuity and distinctiveness) relate to strategic adaptation. This research advances performance feedback theory and behavioral strategy by presenting rich data on how managers use reference points. This study also theorizes on the role of organizational identity as an observation frame. Finally, this study informs managers on how they can adapt reference points and organizational identity to drive strategic adaptation in their organizations. Design/methodology/approach: This paper uses text analysis of LTSs of eight companies in the global publishing industry over six years. The research design is an exploratory, comparative case study. Findings: The authors present the findings of rich empirical data analysis of reference points and organizational ideology, develop a typology and propose three proposed relationships. This paper develops three propositions on how characteristics of reference points (number, temporality and specificity) and organizational identity (focus, discontinuity and distinctiveness) relate to strategic adaptation. Originality/value: This study elucidates reference points that managers use when they make sense of performance feedback. This study further develops a typology of reference points and suggests propositions on how reference points and organizational identity relate to strategic adaptation. The novel linguistic approach to revealing reference points-in-use and the study of decision-making in its empirical context contribute to a better understanding of the micromechanims of decision-making that are central to behavioral strategy. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The COVID-19 global pandemic has caused an unprecedented disturbance in higher education and the business services sector. In the 2014–2020 financial perspective, the Operational Programme Knowledge Education Development has constituted a response to challenges and an instrument to execute the Europe 2020 Strategy. However, the Programme was not designed to prevent crises, and neither did it foresee the pandemic which surprised the whole world. Despite this, higher education institutions that implemented projects co-financed with the EU funds had to face the “black swan” and ensure the continuity of their activities while improving their resilience to crises. The COVID-19 pandemic demonstrated how important knowledge management and resilience-building skills are for students to adapt and grow stronger in the face of a crisis. Does higher education teach crisis-resistant competences? As we know from practice and literature, the knowledge gap as regards crisis-resistant competencies is enormous, and the relevant university programmes require strengthening. Therefore, we conducted a literature review about knowledge management in complex crises and conducted research to identify competences that increase resilience to crises. The aim of the article was to examine to what extent the support implemented in the Polish university project contributed to the increase in indicators (output, direct result) and to what extent the level of competences of the project participants increased, including those competences that allowed the participants to adapt to the labour market during the COVID-19 pandemic. For the needs of the study, we used the competence balance method and the measurement of a degree of ratio implementation according to the criteria applied. The results of the study proved that the ratios rose and the project contributed to increasing competences in the project’s participants, improving their crisis resilience. The conclusions of the study allowed us to make recommendations regarding the emergent knowledge strategies about the European Union’s future agenda as well as about knowledge management and university training programs for resilient skills. © 2022 by the authors.
Since the Covid-19 pandemic, the business organizations' performance has experienced great shocks, including Indonesian banking. This study aimed to investigate Indonesia’s banking organizations' performance based on intellectual capital (IC), corporate governance (CG), and enterprise risk management (ERM) with competitive advantage (CA) mediation. It intended to develop a new model that could theoretically contribute to scientific civilization with practical implications for business, particularly the banking industry. Secondary data used was obtained from the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX). The sample comprised 185 observations consisting of 37 banks selected through purposive sampling, with the criteria of submitting annual report data for five consecutive years of observation (2016-2020). Data were analyzed using partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). The results showed that IC, CG, and ERM do not directly affect OP. However, IC and CG significantly affect CA, which significantly influences OP. CA indirectly mediates the effect of IC and CG on organizational performance (OP). These results confirmed a new model regarding the effect of IC and CG on OP mediated by CA. Therefore, the bank’s OP could improve through IC and CG supported by CA. In line with this, the Indonesian banking sector should simultaneously improve IC, CG, and CA through strategic policies and approaches. The new model developed in this study could be adopted by taking the different fields and samples, other indicators, and using different analytical tools such as Lisrel. © 2022, SRAC - Romanian Society for Quality. All rights reserved.
As organizations search for low-cost and complementary resources and capabilities from external partners, the development of strategic outsourcing becomes an increasingly complex task. Without having well-developed outsourcing processes and task complexity management capabilities in place, opportunities for improvement of outsourcing practices are largely unrealized. This study aims to investigate the influence of task complexity on outsourcing practices and explore the appropriate supplier management approaches for managing outsourcing task complexity. This study suggests a research model that addresses the moderating roles of supplier governance and supplier development in the relationship between task complexity and outsourcing performance. We collected data from Chinese manufacturing firms to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of this study reveal that: (1) task complexity negatively relates to outsourcing performance; (2) both contractual and relational governance play an important role in weakening the negative effect of task complexity on outsourcing performance; (3) supplier development also weakens the negative effect of task complexity on outsourcing performance. The findings of this study provide valuable insights into the ways that firms operating in China manage task complexity effectively and achieve desired outsourcing performance. © The Author(s) 2022.
Risk disclosures contribute to financial stability by providing stakeholders with a better understanding of companies’ risk exposures and risk management practices. Presently, corporate risk has been accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the level of disclosure varies across industries, companies, and organizations. Due to the strategic importance of the energy industry, the paper aims to assess COVID-19-related risk disclosure in the biggest electricity companies in Central and Eastern European countries, and to identify the main determinants of the disclosure. For this purpose, risk disclosure was assessed based on publicly available data disclosed by the 10 biggest public electricity companies operating in this region. Our findings indicate that factors such as the company’s size, leverage, and profitability do not significantly affect COVID-19-related risk disclosure in financial reports; nevertheless, COVID-19 risk disclosure in non-financial reports is significantly correlated with the company’s assets and revenues. Moreover, there is a significantly strong positive relationship between the scope of COVID-19-related risk disclosure in the management reports and the number of women on the company’s management board. COVID-19-related risk disclosure in management board’s reports is significantly higher than disclosure in non-financial reports and explanatory notes of financial statements. Our results suggest that risk disclosure is needed to mitigate information asymmetry, especially in pandemic situations. © 2022 by the authors.
This study examines the timing of the first foreign direct investment (FDI). It explores how the conceptualization and, hence, the understanding of time affects our insights into major internationalization decisions in organizations; specifically, that of navigating into the unknown waters associated with making a first FDI. We introduce a multitemporal approach by drawing on the different temporalities prevalent in history and in business and management to build a platform for analysis that provides a suitable combination of richness and contrast. By examining the process toward making a major internationalization decision in terms of clock, event, stages, and cyclical concepts of time, we gain valuable but also varied insights about a complex process. We conclude that to understand any organization's process of international strategy formation at a certain point (or period) in time, its particularities need to be appreciated in some detail. While the details in this study are unique to the case of Harvard Business School's decision in 1971 to make its first FDI, we argue that the main features of the process are common to conceptualizing the internationalization decision process. As such, the findings should apply more generally. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
This study proposes an explanation for the accuracy of top management teams’ diagnoses of strategic issues. Key determinants are the number of members on the management team, as well as the span of managers’ attention and its allocation to the environment and to other managers. Depending on the nature of the issues faced, managers who reason analogically from past experience to draw inferences about current strategic issues may arrive at accurate or inaccurate diagnoses. We specify and analyze a multiple-agent model that encompasses individual, top management team, and context characteristics relevant to classifying strategic issues as opportunities or threats based on learning from experience. Results from our model indicate that attending to the environment improves the accuracy of strategic issue diagnoses, whereas attending to other managers’ inferences proves detrimental. Adding members can enhance issue diagnosis accuracy for a team that makes decisions according to majority-rule voting, despite leaving the accuracy of individual managers’ diagnoses unchanged. © The Author(s) 2021.
Habitat loss due to increasing anthropogenic disturbance is the major driver for bird population declines across the globe. Within the Eastern Ghats of India, shrubland bird communities are threatened by shrinking of suitable habitats due to increased anthropogenic disturbance and climate change. The development of an effective habitat management strategy is hampered by the absence of data for this bird community. To address this knowledge gap, we examined foraging sites for 14 shrubland bird species, including three declining species, in three study areas representing the shrubland type of forest community in the Eastern Ghats. We recorded microhabitat features within an 11 m radius of observed foraging points and compared these data with similar data from random plots. We used chi-square to test the association between plant species and bird species for sites where they were observed foraging. We observed significant differences between foraging sites of all the study species and random plots, thus indicating selection for foraging habitat. Using linear discriminant analysis, we found that the microhabitat features important for the bird species were shrub density, vegetational height, vertical foliage stratification, grass height, and percent rock cover. Our results show that diet guild and foraging strata influence the foraging microhabitat selection of a species (e.g., ground-foraging species differed significantly from other species). Except for two species, all focal birds were associated with at least one plant species. The plant-bird association was based on foraging, structural, or behavioral preferences. Several key factors affecting foraging habitat such as shrub density can be actively managed at the local scale. Strategic and selective harvesting of forest products and a spatially and temporally controlled livestock grazing regime may allow regeneration of scrubland and create conditions favorable to birds. © 2022 The Authors. Ecology and Evolution published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. This article has been contributed to by U.S. Government employees and their work is in the public domain in the USA.
In this paper, we study whether firms manage their pension risk exposures within an integrated corporate risk management framework or they manage their pension and firm risk exposures independently following the adoption of fair value pension reporting regulation (IAS 19). Controlling for known factors affecting the risk-taking in pension plan investments, we document a robust negative association both at the cross-section and over time between pension risk and firm systematic risk and operating asset risk during the post-IAS 19 adoption period. The findings suggest that firms manage pension risk as an integral part of firm risk, consistent with a coordinated risk management explanation. Overall, our evidence highlights that pension investment strategy is a dynamic process that is ultimately determined by sponsoring firms' strategic corporate risk management considerations and the important role that changing pension reporting regulation plays in shaping these dynamics. Our conclusions have potential wider implications for ongoing reforms in financial reporting and disclosure policy settings. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
An organization's long-term survival depends upon its capability to have a balance of exploitation of existing technologies with the exploration of future opportunities. This balanced approach of working is termed as Organization Ambidexterity (OA). This paper attempts to explain, empirically, the role of different organizational factors on OA and to compare results for manufacturing private and public sector firms in the Indian context (sample size n = 120). OA antecedents like strategic orientation, top management, manager, HR policies, organization culture, individual characteristics, organization structure, procedures & policies, and informal routines have been identified and hypotheses are presented for OA as the dependent variable. To validate hypotheses, a questionnaire survey was conducted. Results of multiple regression analysis and correlation are demonstrated to illustrate the dependence of OA on these organizational factors. Analysis shows that these variables have a different impact on OA in the public and private sectors. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Industrial parks provide opportunities for Process Integration among different enterprises. Inter-Plant Water Network Integration is an effective strategy for water conservation. However, increased interplant linkages can make the entire system vulnerable to cascading failures in case of loss of water flow in some plants. The potential indirect impact of water shortages on such integrated systems may not be evident without the use of appropriate models. This work defines inoperability as the fractional loss of water flow relative to normal operations. A comparison between the applicability of demand-driven versus supply-driven Inoperability Input-output Model (IIM) is conducted. Then, a Vulnerability Assessment Framework which integrates vulnerability indicators into the Dynamic Input-Output Model (DIIM) is developed to analyse failure propagation in water networks in an industrial park. The DIIM is then applied to simulate the cascading effects of disturbances. From a time perspective, the vulnerabilities of the industrial parks With Integrated Optimal Water Network (WWN) and Without Integrated Optimal Water Network (WOWN) are assessed considering robustness, adaptability, and recoverability as the indicators. The results indicate that supply-driven IIM is more suitable for cascading failure analysis of water networks. The average inoperability at 16% from supply-driven IIM is higher than that from demand-driven IIM. In the freshwater disturbance scenario, the dependence of the plant on freshwater is proportional to the rate of inoperability change, the time to reach a new equilibrium. In this study, the robustness of WWN is about fivefold that of WOWN, but the recovery rate is only one-sixth of the latter. This work can help identify system vulnerabilities and provide a scientific insight for the development of park-wide water management strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: This paper aims to focus on the relation between digital transformation and banks’ reputation, as examined through the information disclosed by the five largest Italian banking groups’ efforts to extend and enhance their digital resources. Considering digitalization as a key strategy for managing reputation, which, in turn, can leverage financial and value performance management, the paper investigates whether and how digital activities might affect banks’ reputation. Therefore, this paper proposes the relationship between digitalization and reputation as a lever for performance management and for increasing efficiency. Design/methodology/approach: The authors use content analysis to generate a digital disclosure index, categorizing activities human, structural and relational. For banks’ reputations, the proxies are a measure of corporate reputation and a reputational risk index. Methodologically the study used multiple case studies, considered as particularly suitable to gain an in-depth understanding of the topic in the case of the five banks. A collection of secondary data and semi-structured interviews are included. Findings: Overall, the digitalization-reputation link shows that banks’ reputation is variously affected, not only by exposure to risk (including reputational risk) but also by strategic issues such as digitalization and the effectiveness of the corresponding communication. Consequently, banks should view digitalization as a key driver to be considered not in a stand-alone perspective, but in a combined approach. Research limitations/implications: Continued research should include the Covid-19 implications. Additionally, it would be important to compare a larger number of banks, with different characteristics, also including variables indicating the corporate governance mechanisms. Practical implications: The analysis contributes to fostering scholars’ and practitioners’ management of the digital transformation challenge that is a current key-factor, capable of increasing banks’ value. It considers not only the drivers directly affecting monetary value but also the institutions’ social and relational value, as well as their reputation. Originality/value: This paper extends prior research on the digitalization-reputation relation by investigating digital transformation through disclosure of activities in this area within the Italian banking sector. It allows to leverage the key-factors that can contribute to increasing banks’ value, considering not only the drivers directly affecting monetary value but also the institutions’ social and relational value, as well as their reputation. © 2021, Francesca Bernini, Paola Ferretti and Antonella Angelini.
Purpose: This study has analyzed strategic issues in implementing advanced manufacturing technologies (AMTs) in manufacturing organizations in India and their relative importance. Design/methodology/approach: A survey of manufacturing organizations was conducted, and the data were analyzed using statistical tools (one-sample t-tests, correlation and regression analyses). Findings: Improvement in product quality and flexibility of operations are the motivation for AMTs implementation. Top management support and sound financial conditions are essential for implementing AMTs. Successful implementation of AMTs helps in reducing the lead time and improving overall business performance. Research limitations/implications: The findings of this study will help organizations in the implementation of AMTs for improving productivity and business performance. The study is limited to manufacturing organizations in India. Practical implications: Organizations should allocate sufficient funds for AMT applications. Organizational culture should be made conducive to the adoption of new technologies. Employees should be provided adequate training for its successful implementation. Originality/value: The main contribution of this paper is that it provides a detailed analysis of strategic issues for implementing AMTs in manufacturing organizations. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
As the physical subject, determining vehicle operating modes is a prerequisite for implementing global optimization energy management. To avoid the case study of different vehicle configurations, a “kinetic/potential energy & onboard energy” conservation framework is proposed to determine vehicle working modes. Firstly, typical topologies and existing work modes for hybrid vehicles with different architectures are summarized. As a numerical method, the state space is meshed, which is restricted by introducing trip information. Then, a “kinetic/potential energy & onboard energy” conservation framework is established to determine the work mode between any reachable state points. By combining external factors, internal factors and additional factors reasonably and feasibly, various trigger conditions are generated to realize the one-to-one mapping between work mode and driving condition, which standardizes the DP optimizing process. Correspondingly, the stage cost and control are determined to achieve the optimal energy distribution. Finally, regarding DP strategy as a benchmark, multiple evaluation indexes are proposed to evaluate the utilization ratio of a control strategy to global trip information. An example is given to evaluate the optimal rule-based strategy. The higher the index is, the higher the similarity with the DP strategy is, and the higher the economic performance of the vehicle is. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Large carnivores are frequently released for conservation purposes, but early efforts struggled with inadequate monitoring and reporting, resulting in poor understanding of success. Although managers have improved release practice and monitoring, the use of orphaned, captive-raised large carnivores for release remains controversial because of the potential influence of captivity and the possible lack of natural behaviours in such individuals. Yet, rehabilitating orphaned individuals for release could help mitigate pressures on vulnerable wild populations. We present a case study on the rearing, rehabilitation and release of wild-born cheetahs Acinonyx jubatus that were rescued as orphans in Namibia. Our aim was to develop a methodological framework for cheetah release planning and post-release management based on the outcome of release trials conducted during 2004-2018. Between 2001 and 2012, we rescued 86 orphaned cheetahs from the wild. Of these, 36 (42%) were selected as release candidates. We found high success rates (75-96%) of selected individuals in achieving independence post-release. Additionally, annual survival estimates for rehabilitated individuals that reached independence were comparable to those of wild counterparts described by other studies, and some rehabilitated individuals reproduced with wild conspecifics. Our findings demonstrate the ability of wild-born, captive-raised cheetahs to transition back into the wild with strategic pre- and post-release management directed towards optimizing survival. This includes selecting appropriate release candidates, forming artificial coalitions, balancing habituation levels during captivity, choosing appropriate release sites, and providing strategic support during post-release monitoring. We encourage scientists and managers to implement and refine our protocol for rehabilitation throughout the cheetah's current and historic range.  Copyright © The Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of Fauna & Flora International.
While strategic management theories have heavily engaged with the reality of matrix organizations, leadership theories that actually focus on the people working within such arrangements are missing. We argue that (a) followers perceive dual leadership effectiveness to be more than the sum of each leader's effectiveness, (b) a core detriment to perceived dual leadership effectiveness is role conflict experienced by the follower, and (c) Leader-Member Exchange (LMX) needs to be theoretically extended to the triadic level to capture the influence of dual leadership. Specifically, followers’ role conflict and leadership effectiveness perceptions are driven not only by how they perceive their LMX relationships with both leaders, but also how they perceive the relationship quality between their leaders (dual leadership exchange, DLX). As such, even though higher LMX is still better than lower LMX, having a similar exchange relationship with both leaders reduces employees’ role conflict and, by extension, heightens dual leadership effectiveness. Additionally, we reason that when employees lack a good relationship with one of the leaders, higher DLX can act as a substitute. We find support for our hypotheses by applying polynomial regression analyses to a dataset of 111 managers from a matrix organization who report to both a regional and business unit leader. © The Authors 2022.
The extension of seasonal to interannual prediction of the physical climate system to include the marine ecosystem has a great potential to inform marine resource management strategies. Along the east coast of Africa, recent findings suggest that skillful Earth system model (ESM)-based chlorophyll predictions may enable anticipation of fisheries fluctuations. The mechanisms underlying skillful chlorophyll predictions, however, were not identified, eroding confidence in potential adaptive management steps. This study demonstrates that skillful chlorophyll predictions up to two years in advance arise from the successful simulation of westward-propagating off-equatorial Rossby waves in the Indian ocean. Upwelling associated with these waves supplies nutrients to the surface layer for the large coastal areas by generating north- and southward propagating waves at the east African coast. Further analysis shows that the off-equatorial Rossby wave is initially excited by wind stress forcing caused by El Niño/Southern Oscillation-Indian Ocean teleconnections. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd.
Standards have frequently been discussed from the perspective of their influences on trade and the market; however, the nature of standards in the market has yet to attract significant attention from the technology management academy. In this article, we describe the concept of standard dynamics based on previous studies related to standards and show the interplay of standards and various factors underlying the business ecosystem. We define standard dynamics as a series of changes in the business ecosystem triggered by standard setting and revisions. Based on this, we highlight the role of standards in the business ecosystem. We conducted survival analysis on International Electrotechnical Commission standard revisions in order to take a closer look at standard revisions with a focus on potentially influential factors. Survival analysis helps us to understand the unique features of standard revision and gives managerial insights on how to respond to standardization. We also address the importance of standards for technology management in manufacturing firms, including looks at strategic participation in standardization, managing intellectual property right in connection with R&D, and tracking trends in certification. We are contributing to the research field of standards by synthesizing discussions on standards' influence on the market as well as by highlighting the relationship among influential elements in standard dynamics.  © 1988-2012 IEEE.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to investigate empirically whether the presence of dependence influences the strength and direction of the relationship between social capital and operational performance. Design/methodology/approach: The authors tested two effects, moderator and mediator, of the dependence between social capital and operational performance in the buyer–supplier relationship in the supply chain. The authors use dependence as a dichotomous variable and empirically test the hypotheses using hierarchical linear regression from data collected from 117 industrial companies in Brazil. Findings: The results show that although dependence does not have a mediating effect on social capital shares in operational performance, it moderates the strength of trust actions in relation to cost, delivery, flexibility and innovativeness of the buyer. Practical implications: As for the practical implications, in a buyer–supplier relationship, managers may not be fully capable of decreasing dependence and thus increasing the effect of trust actions on operational performance. Originality/value: For management practices in the textile and clothing industry, social capital actions contribute to strategic objectives, increasing collaboration between supply chain partners, and for operations, offering more options in managing social ties. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This paper aims to investigate the role of predictive models in the learning and decision-making processes of strategic management. The rapid advancement of digitalisation has contributed to increasing the complexity of the worldwide economy and led to various new competitive dynamics. Design/methodology/approach: To achieve this purpose, a literature review has been carried out and a predictive model based on Watson, an IBM supercomputer, is presented as a qualitative process model. Findings: Specific insights derived from a review of the literature highlight organisations' need to modify their decision- and strategy-making processes, which are increasing in speed and frequency, thus also leading to the formulation of emergent and trigger event strategies based on the identification of conditions that require the revision of all or part of the firm's strategy. Predictive models, acting as filters, transform data into informative knowledge that decision-makers can interpret based on individual domain knowledge. Originality/value: From a theoretical point of view, this paper contributes to the field of digital transformation by proposing the economics of complexity as a paradigm through which to observe and study the issue of predictive models in strategic management. Additionally, the authors analyse the phenomenon from a cognitive perspective, defining the new learning dynamics of digital transformation and the social learning cycle triggered by big data and predictive models. From a managerial and policy-making point of view, this suggests the need to re-shape traditional education contents and dynamics and foster skills that are multi-disciplinary, multi-domain, multi-empathic, multi-interaction and multi-communication between people and things. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Despite it being imperative to a sustainable development, a circular economy remains scarcely adopted by companies. Barriers towards this are extensively explored yet with little focus on their mutual dependencies. Neglecting dependencies is argued to cause suboptimization and lead to unsuccessful circular projects. To counter this and strengthen companies in assessing dependencies among context-dependent barriers towards a circular transition, this study proposes a practice-oriented approach based on an interpretive structural modelling methodology. This is validated through a case study with a Danish mechatronics manufacturer with which fourteen semi-structured interviews, a survey, and a workshop were conducted. Findings reveal an interwoven network of barriers with numerous chain mechanisms across managerial, market-related, financial, technical, and regulative aspects, which underpins the need to approach the circular transition systemically. Furthermore, the study demonstrates the ability of the methodology to facilitate discussions and assist industrial practitioners, both on a strategic and operational level, in systematically untangling the complex interrelations to identify root causes for inertia and prioritize mitigation measures. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: This study aims to examine the current state of mission and vision statements on the company websites of fast-growing Malaysian and Singaporean small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and analyze how these attributes are functionally used to build a distinct digital organizational identity. Design/methodology/approach: The content analysis method was used to examine the similarities and differences among 170 Malaysian and Singaporean-selected SMEs based on Aaker’s five brand personality scales. Findings: The findings demonstrated that there were explicit discrepancies between Malaysian and Singaporean SMEs in the applications of brand personality attributes. The findings also identified an increase in communicating mission and vision statements on the websites of both Malaysian and Singaporean SMEs. This emphasizes the need for Malaysian and Singaporean companies to intensify their efforts to develop a notable digital organizational identity. Research limitations/implications: This study endeavors to provide novel insights into the digital communication practices of SMEs in building digital organization identity based on brand personality elements. Therefore, this study theoretically advances Aaker’s brand personality framework by incorporating digital organizational identity as a concept of Aaker’s brand personality from the SME perspective. This study contributes to the organizational identity literature by highlighting the need for these SMEs to integrate brand personality dimensions to compete with leading global companies. Practical implications: The findings indicate that managers of SMEs can develop a unique digital organizational identity by communicating their vision and mission statements on their websites as a strategic asset for sustaining corporate reputation. Originality/value: To date, little is known about the inevitable adaptation and application of communication that occurs when using digital means to develop a digital organizational identity. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first study to establish how Asian SMEs communicate their unique brand personality through websites to build their digital organizational identity. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Learning by doing (LBD) and team coaching are experiential learning methods that can be used to enhance the depth of learning, motivation, and engagement in tourism education. This study explores the combined use of the two methodologies and reports on the experience of 42 students who participated in a practical case dealing with the strategic planning for sustainable tourism in a small town in Spain as a part of their undergraduate tourism education. The results obtained after the project evaluation confirm that LBD combined with team coaching is considered a valuable strategy for enhancing learning. Regarding the LBD method, students especially valued the opportunity to work within professional realities and exchange ideas with their classmates. Participants perceived team coaching as a valuable tool for enhancing team performance, communication, self-awareness (and that of others), conflict management, and problem-solving during project development. Professors and agents from public institutions involved in the project reported that students’ proposals were highly applicable and close to reality, and they agreed that the combination of LBD and team coaching improved the quality of the course assignments. © 2022 by the authors.
Social houses built after the Second World War to accommodate workers and low-income families represent one of the major energy consumers and greenhouse gas emitters in the residential sector. Plans for their renovation are underway in all European countries, and the process is more complicated for Italian cities due to the lack of space and the large number of historical buildings. This study addresses this challenge by proposing a methodology to renovate a low-income district in the city of Venice using CityBES to model and evaluate energy conservation measures. CityBES is a web-based tool that allows users to employ urban building energy modeling for large-scale energy and retrofit analyses of building stocks. In the case study conducted for Venice's Santa Marta district, due to the particular context, four common energy conservation measures covering both the building envelope and heat generation boilers have been applied. The evaluation of energy-saving performances at the district level showed that the four measures together achieved 67% energy savings, an abatement in energy cost equal to 67%, and annual carbon dioxide emissions reduction of 1.1 MtCO2. The case study demonstrates a method and workflow replicable for energy retrofit analysis of building stocks in other historical districts. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is twofold: to provide a clear picture on the cognitive biases affecting managers’ decision-making process of implementing a performance management system (PMS), and to identify managerial practices, measures and the key challenges to manage the cognitive biases in the corporate strategy. Design/methodology/approach: Semi-structured interviews, based on theoretical milestones of performance management and cognitive psychology, gathered from 104 experienced professionals’ evaluations on the likelihood and impact of managers’ cognitive biases in PMS implementation, potential solutions as well as drivers and connected criticalities. Findings: Recurring cognitive biases, together with considerable impacts, emerged in the first, and most strategic, phases of the PMS implementation. The authors developed a roadmap to support corporate transition to integrate behavioral strategy into the PMS implementation aiming to achieve economically and efficiently sound performance. Research limitations/implications: From the view of proper behavioral strategy affirmation in performance management literature, in a small way, the authors contribute to a desirable taxonomy of cognitive biases so differentiated decision-making scenarios may be built to compare results and draw new observations. Behavioral studies could transversally connect the cognitive biases of performance management to actors’ sociodemographic features and personality types. Practitioners may check biases affecting their organizations by means of the questionnaire and, consequently, adopt the framework illustrated to reduce them. Originality/value: Performance management literature has constantly investigated positive and negative behavioral factors related to the PMS. This study, instead, makes a theoretical and methodological contribution to the PMS implementation as a decision-making process. The authors propose a theoretical framework that integrates cognitive psychology insights and applies measures to reduce biases. © 2022, Ivo Hristov, Riccardo Camilli and Alessandro Mechelli.
The importance of strategic management of organizations has been growing steadily in recent decades. Its role in competitiveness of businesses in selected industries, such as the construction industry, seems to be even more significant. The aim of the article is to analyze the selected variables of enhancing competitiveness of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in construction sector in the Slovak Republic and to propose recommendations of a strategic nature that will increase their competitiveness in the longterm perspective. To achieve the goal, the survey was carried out in 2021 on the group of 150 SMEs in the Slovak Republic © 2022, Jana Betáková et al; published by UIKTEN. This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 4.0 License
Over the past couple of centuries, with the increase in the significance of the railways to the economy, the complexity of the railway network and consequently the decision making involved and the number of problems faced has only increased. Among the host of problems in railways management, one of the most important is the locomotive assignment problem (LAP). The LAP is as old as the railways itself. The objective of the LAP is to assign a fleet of locomotives at minimum cost to pre-scheduled trains subject to a host of constraints. Most of the models in literature either work on improving the efficiency of solving the LAP or attempt to solve the three levels of LAP separately. Our attempt in this paper is to arrive at a linear mathematical model that integrates the strategic, tactical and operational level aspects of the LAP. We also demonstrate that by the addition of a valid inequality, the lower bounds can be improved substantially resulting in a substantial reduction in solution times for the problem instances. Further, we develop a Dijkstra’s algorithm-based heuristic to test the problem instances and compare the solution times and quality of solutions. Finally, we develop a case based on Southern Zone of the Indian Railways and test the heuristic to solve the LAP for this zone. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Purchasing occupies a strategic role in supply chain management for a firm and is the driver of competitive advantage. Owing to the high purchase cost to revenue ratio, decisions such as evaluation, selection, and performance management of suppliers are of the matter of immense interest to firms. Multi-criteria decision making tools allow the purchasing managers to evaluate the suppliers holistically. One such tool, data envelopment analysis (DEA) has been used extensively for supplier evaluation and selection. This paper presents a comprehensive review of 161 articles published since 2000, on the application of DEA in supplier selection. These articles are located from the Scopus database. With little existing literature on a full-fledged review, this work envisages to be first of its kind, by aiding DEA practitioners in purchasing function. The analysis of the study indicates the emergence of the theme of green supply chain and sustainability in recent years as well as the adoption of hybrid approaches to solving the problem of supplier selection using DEA. The paper presents various classifications of DEA methods based on input criteria, sectors of application, and industry-wide case studies, which can be used as a quick reckoner by an academician or a purchasing manager. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: This research aims to examine how two management strategies (symmetrical communication and inclusive management) work in handling workplace conflicts (interpersonal/organizational levels), especially with regard to employee advocacy and job turnover intentions. Design/methodology/approach: A total of three employee survey datasets were used to test hypotheses and research questions. Two secondary datasets were obtained in South Korea (N = 600 and N = 285), and one dataset was collected in the USA (N = 381). A series of hierarchical multiple regressions were performed for each dataset. Findings: All three studies showed that interpersonal workplace conflict increased not only job turnover but also advocacy. In addition, in South Korean employees, both symmetrical communication and inclusive management increased employee advocacy and decreased job turnover intentions. However, in the US data, only symmetrical communication had such effects, enhancing employee advocacy and lowering job turnover intentions. Originality/value: The study provides insights for practitioners into how to handle workplace conflicts from the perspective of communication (symmetrical communication) and/or behavioral strategies (inclusive management). Also, as an index to examine the effectiveness of management strategies, this study suggests advocacy behavior of employees given its effect of “rallying the troops.” © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Mission statements are usually related to strategic management and elements related to the organization's identity. Catholic higher education organizations (CHEOs) identity is based on the Charisma of the founder of the Catholic order or congregation. If in contradiction, it puts their organizational legitimacy at risk. If organizations deviate from their identity, it means a mission drift. Even more severe is when mission statements are misaligned with the identity. In this study, the authors seek better understand the mission drift by the misalignment between the mission statement and the organizational identity of the CHEOs. Design/methodology/approach: The authors examine the mission statements of 112 Catholic CHEOs in Brazil. They used lexical analysis based on descending hierarchical classification and post-factorial analysis. They analyzed the vocabularies of each class extracted from the descending hierarchical classification and determine the presence or absence of the Charisma. Findings: The results indicate that aspects of Catholic identity through the Charisma are manifested in the organizational mission but are not predominant. There is a variation of the mission statements relative to the Charisma of the orders and congregations. A significant part manifests generically. They respond in a similar and isomorphic way or to internal institutional pressures of CHEOs. Originality/value: The authors empirically identified a mission drift, considering the mismatch between the mission statement and the Charisma. The authors emphasize that for organizational identity to manifest, it should consider the identity that emerges from the founder's Charisma. This influence must appear in central elements of the organizational identity, such as the mission statements. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Two kinds of incentive strategies, cost-sharing and penalty, are examined in dealing with production disruption, with consideration of production process reliability as an endogenous factor for a two-echelon supply chain. Based on the Stackelberg game framework, we derive the optimal decisions of supply chain partners and compare their expected profits with different strategies. Considering the uncertain demand and the retailer’s preference against the risk, we further analyze how the partners’ decisions and the retailer’s expected profit are influenced by the feature of loss aversion. From theoretical analysis and numerical experiments, we find that: (1) overall, a penalty strategy dominates that of cost-sharing for the retailer, whereas the reverse applies with respect to the manufacturer; (2) a penalty strategy may outperform a cost-sharing strategy for the whole supply chain, depending on demand; and (3) a reasonable aversion against risk can help the retailer to achieve a more robust result when a penalty strategy is adopted under volatile and unpredictable demand. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to explore the factors that affect the adoption of radio frequency identification (RFID) technology in Saudi Arabia’s logistics services industry. The specific focus is the influence of key variables in multiple domains: technology (complexity and compatibility); organization (top management support, firm size, quality of human capital and integration of supply chain strategy); and environment (information intensity, competitive pressure, trading partner pressure and regulatory pressure). Design/methodology/approach: Data were obtained by distributing a survey instrument to a target sample of 459 Saudi logistics company employees whose positions meant they were well placed to explain the operations and technologies used in their organizations. In total, 459 useable responses were received, which also constituted the final sample for the analysis. The survey was validated using confirmatory factor analysis, and the study hypothesis was tested using binary logistic regression. Findings: Of the firms represented in the data collected, 70% had not adopted RFID technology. Cost issues, technical issues and lack of industry standards were identified as the main factors hindering the decision to adopt RFID. The results of the binary logistic regression show that top management support, quality of human capital, firm size and trading partner pressure are the variables that most influence whether or not a firm adopts RFID technology. Practical implications: According to the analysis, it is imperative that the industry adopt RFID given that this technology can provide strategic and operational advantages. Based on the findings, small and medium enterprises in the logistics services industry require governmental support in terms of providing funding, training and a supportive regulatory environment. Support of this nature would encourage logistics services companies to adopt new technology and move toward applying the global standards developed in the industry to date. Finally, in order to execute a clear and complete strategy across the supply chain, companies must collaborate with trading partners in implementing RFID. Originality/value: The body of research on emerging markets does not include any empirical studies focused on the adoption of new technologies and innovation in the supply chain. Although researchers discuss applications of technologies in operational and supply chain processes across multiple industries, most of the published research on RFID technology focuses on European and North American contexts. This study is, therefore, much needed for its fundamental contribution to identifying and understanding the factors that affect RFID adoption decisions in emerging markets. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Strategic petroleum reserves are a major too to mitigate the risk oil supply disruptions and to discourage the use of energy as a geopolitical weapon. Moreover, oil supply disruption severely damages the energy security and economic growth as well. Therefore, we used econometric estimation and combine numerous relevant, multidimensional and comprehensive set of indicators through Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to measure the physical oil supply risk and strategic petroleum reserves in order to enhance the social welfare in South Asia. Our analysis proved that 30% of the shortfall in crude oil distribution in markets accounts for the biggest vacillated system of crude oil costing. This shortfall immediately increases forecasted social welfare wastage via a 40% decrease in gross domestic product, which is estimated at $700 in South Asia and $3000 in the largest crude oil economy. The quantity and value of oil supply required for the strategic petroleum reserves to trigger the optimum building and drawdown of the oil are calculated using PCA and game solution. Limited testing of private sector inventory adjustments was less encouraging, suggesting that private actions may have partially offset some government reductions. Therefore, anticipated costs grow at 4% in regular market situations, decrease nearly 8% in interrupted market conditions, and decrease 9% in highly interrupted market conditions. With the benefit of retrospection, improved management may have considerably increased the value of the strategic petroleum reserves, particularly during the peak disruption. A quantitative risk evaluation of crude oil disruptions reveals the importance of crude oil accumulation and the drawdown of vital national crude oil stockpiles as governments seek to optimize consumer well-being while simultaneously maintaining control over oil stockpiles. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The Ganga River is the major source of drinking water for humans over the decades. It is also the ecological niche for millions of relict species, i.e., for a variety of planktons, benthic organisms, fish, and various other aquatic organisms. The blasting population resulted in an enhanced rate of pollution in the river system emanating from various anthropogenic activities and industrialization in the bank of river Ganga. The study was made in the middle and lower stretch of the river to monitor the decadal changes in the water quality of river Ganga from 1960 to 2019 at six different study sites. In the present study, various water quality parameters such as dissolved oxygen, pH, free carbon dioxide, total alkalinity, conductivity, total dissolved solids (TDS), hardness, chloride, and nitrate have been studied during 2015–2019. The data for 1960 to 2006 were taken from ICAR-CIFRI publications. Based on the studied parameters, National Sanitation Foundation (NSF)—water quality index (WQI) was calculated. In the present study, it was found that the calculated NSF-WQI was 69.24 in 1960–1961 which increased up to 113.39 during 2001–2006. But, with the implementation of various rejuvenating strategies, the WQI of the river got reduced to 106.48 during 2015–2019. This reflected the positive changes in the riverine system. Different water quality parameters such as dissolved oxygen, pH, and hardness were observed mostly within the permissible range as based on the drinking water guidelines for humans and survival of the aquatic organisms as well, except a few location-specific observations. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Although stakeholder participation in place branding is actively encouraged, there has been a paucity of studies examining why uneven involvement persists in practice. This study builds on Bourdieu's theory of field and capital to explain how stakeholders from the local state, destinations, businesses and local communities negotiate influence and legitimacy in the place branding process. A multi-case study of two UK cities was employed involving semi-structured interviews with 60 stakeholders. We identify the specific characteristics of cultural capital in place branding: procedural know-how and place-sensitive knowledge. Our findings show that community representatives can acquire a seat at the place branding table by possessing distinct place-sensitive knowledge and drawing on procedural know-how accrued from professional settings. Nevertheless, traditionally dominant stakeholder groups, such as local state actors, destination management organisations and the business community, can build strategic collaborations that counter deficits in cultural capital and thus retain their status. © 2022 The Authors
This study links the readability of 10-K reports to insider trading profitability. Using a sample of 102,060 insider transactions in the United States between 1994 and 2016, we empirically demonstrate that less readable 10-K reports increase profitability from insider trading. Consistent with the proprietary cost argument, we also document that readability impacts on insider trading profitability are more pronounced for research and development–intensive firms, for firms facing higher product market competition and trade secrecy, and for firms with lower levels of voluntary management disclosures. Overall, this study supports the proprietary cost and strategic information asymmetry channel of readability and suggests that less readable reports lead to the exploitation of information advantages by insiders. JEL Classification: D4, G14, G34, G40. © The Author(s) 2021.
It was undoubted that studies on grammar instruction have long been d iscussed. However, there remains a dearth of research on how English as a foreign language (EFL) high school students learn grammar. Revisiting this line of grammar research, the researchers explored how EFL students experienced grammar learning at high schools in Vietnam. The researchers conducted a qualitative multiple case study and used semi-structured individual interviews as the main instrument for data collection in this study. Six high school Vietnamese students were interviewed regarding their views on the role of grammar and their use of grammar learning strategies. Grounded on pedagogies of grammar instruction, the study showed that most participants still learned English grammar through the traditional approach, i.e., FoFs instruction. Findings from the inductive content analysis indicated that all participants acknowledged the essential role of grammar in learning English, and demonstrated a strategic approach to grammar learning, with environmental and behavioral management and cognitive strategies being the most popular strategies. The findings can help English teachers adjust their teaching approach and techniques to maximize students’ grammar achievement and enhance their effective grammar learning strategies for long-term benefits. The study contributes to research on Asian EFL students’ attitudes towards grammar learning and their use of grammar learning strategies. © 2022, Universitat Jaume I. All rights reserved.
The goal of this study is to investigate the influence relationship between AMO applied green HRM and employees’ green OCB. This study also attempted to verify the relationship between employees’ green OCB and green performance management. Specifically, we tried to define the effects of green awareness and green psychological climate on green HRM and green OCB. Moreover, we examined the mediating effect of green CSR perception on the relationship between green OCB and green performance management. To do so, we surveyed Rooms and F&B employees from nine global chain hotels in South Korea that actively contribute to a green package. An “actively contributing hotel” is one that has leadership in energy and environmental design certification. Further, employees of such hotels consider them proenvironmental hotels. For data analysis, we carried out SEM and factor analysis using SPSS 18.0 and Amos 20.0 (IBM, Armonk, NY, USA). All hypotheses were adopted as having significantly positive (+) effects. Hypotheses 4, 7, and 11 predicted partial mediating effects. The findings of the study have significant theoretical and practical ramifications for corporate environmental strategic performance management. Specifically, this study identified the relationship between the mediation variables on green OCB and green PM, as demonstrated in previous studies. Additionally, these results provide an effective employee management strategy for the green HRM of green hotels by providing concrete data. First, green hotels need to raise employees’ green awareness and green psychological climate to increase their green OCB. Second, employees themselves ultimately have to enhance the green CSR perception to raise green PM. © 2022 by the author.
Studies have shown the usefulness of low impact development (LID) in runoff management in urban areas; however, there is a limited number of systematic decision-making models for ranking LID solutions (i.e., the location and type of LID required). This research proposes a physics-based GIS Multi Criteria Decision Making model (GIS-MCDM), which we refer to as the LID Solution Evaluation and Ranking ApproacH (SERAH). This model integrates the hydrological and socioeconomic-environmental benefits of LID with the subcatchment-level demand of LIDs – this has been traditionally overlooked in previous research. Specifically, SERAH integrates key the contributing criteria, including LID benefits, cost, feasibility, and subcatchment demand to rank LID solutions. To demonstrate the applicability of SERAH, a highly urbanized catchment in Toronto was used as a case-study and three types of LID: rain gardens, infiltration trenches, and porous pavements were considered. The hydrological performance of the ranked solutions was estimated using the stormwater management model, PCSWMM. The resulting LID ranking from SERAH corresponded to the best hydrological performance and LID co-benefits. Runoff volumes were reduced by 8.9–11.3%, and peak runoff values were reduced by 1.3–19.9% compared to the base scenario. The infiltration trench was ranked the highest in 16 of the 19 subcatchments where the cost was identified as a key factor. For the remaining three subcatchments, the rain garden was ranked the highest due to its socioeconomic-environmental benefits outweighing the higher cost. The effect of different rainfall durations, frequencies, and temporal patterns on the performance of the highest-ranked LID solution suggested that LID provide higher performance (runoff volume reduction) in more severe events. SERAH is useful for strategic planning for sustainable infrastructure. Future research is needed to better quantify the socioeconomic and environmental benefits of LID to improve SERAH. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
As a polluting industry, the green transformation of coatings is highly concerned by the Chinese government. In order to explore the role of government in the process of green transformation of coating industry, this paper constructs a green governance evolutionary game model of “government-manufacturing companies-application companies,” and the complex interaction mechanism among the three parties is studied. Then, the evolutionary game theory is used to analyze the asymptotic stability conditions and evolutionary stability strategies of the equilibrium point of the tripartite game in the three stages of green governance in the coating industry (traditional technology-green transformation-collaborative governance). Finally, the model was verified by numerical simulation, and the influence of the changes of subjective parameters on the evolutionary game was discussed. The results show that (1) the intensity of government governance is related to the frequency of spot checks and punishment coefficients, and the evolution tends to be balanced when the intensity of governance is moderate. (2) The evolutionary trend of the game’s main players’ strategy selection also depends on the government’s punishment. There is greater probability of green transition of manufacturing companies under punishment. (3) The green subsidy coefficient and the green degree of the product also have a greater impact on the strategic choice of the game player. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to highlight the interest of focusing public policies for wildfire management on behavioral changes supported by sustainable development projects dedicated to the Algerian forest heritage. Thus, the Aurès region in the eastern part of Algeria will be used as an example to illustrate the proposed new strategy. Design/methodology/approach: The proposed method, guided by projects' management in sustainable development, consists of developing a responsible citizenship strategy focused on behavioral changes of citizens. Therefore, the title of the proposed method: The Construct of Responsible Citizenship. Findings: In order to cope with forest fires, the proposed approach highlights the interest of promoting responsible citizenship. Likewise, it outlines a tool for sustaining behavioral changes based on the principle of continuous improvement and field follow-up using a multicriteria approach known as “goal programming.” Practical implications: The proposed new forest fire protection plan addresses the shortcomings in Algeria's current forest fire management policy, which appears unable to deal with the increasing severity of forests' fire risk that the country has been experiencing in recent decades. Originality/value: The aim is to highlight the interest of investment in forest fires prevention within the framework of the sustainable development of Algerian forest heritage, specifically, to work toward citizen subcontracting of the Algerian forest heritage. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The wide range of natural resource usage in economic, political and financial plans requires a complete assessment in economies like China and Brazil in order to design long-term strategies for economic stability and progress that contribute to global wealth. To serve this purpose, this study analyzes the impact of risk on volatility in natural resources in case of Brazil and China. The purpose is to make a comparative analysis of the two major economies such as Brazil and China. To serve this purpose, we employ Frequency Domain Causality (FDC) test, which can check the causal nexus between variables at three different runs. Our findings suggest that political risk index, economic and financial risks granger cause natural resource volatility at all three runs in Brazil. In case of China, economic and financial risk granger cause natural resource volatility at all three runs. However, political risk index causes natural resource volatility only in medium run to long run. In short run, PRI does not cause natural resource volatility. To sum up, this study concludes that economic, financial and political risks are considered leading challenges with significant implications for natural resource rents in Brazil and China. This study proposes that Brazil and China need to provide the foundation for sustainable development and poverty eradication by managing natural resources responsibly. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
For management and conservation strategies in the long term is necessary to know the species distribution and main biophysical aspects that determine the structure and dynamics of the forest. The aim of this work was to determine the potential and current spatial distribution of Gonopterodendron sarmientoi, an emblematic and endangered tree species of the Dry Chaco. A further aim was to superimpose the distribution of G. sarmientoi, with the zonation in the current Territorial Planning of Native Forests (OTBN, its acronym in Spanish) to provide basic information for conservation and management of the species. For this, a Maxent model was developed to quantify the relationship between G. sarmientoi occurrence and key environmental variables (including water, topography, and climate as a variables). G. sarmientoi's habitat was mainly influenced by precipitation variables, and secondarily by temperature variables. Considering the OTBN defined by the local forest authority, of the current area of G. sarmientoi (2,477,009 ha), the majority (57.9%) corresponded to the yellow category (forest areas with medium conservation value) and only 10.6% to the red category (high conservation value). It is important to note that around 600,686 ha (24.3%) of native forest with G. sarmientoi is in the green category (low conservation value) subject to change in land use, and 178,107 ha was uncategorized forest (7.2%). For effective management and conservation strategies, the current habitat distribution map of G. sarmientoi provides decision-makers an opportunity to review and adjust the native forests zoning at a provincial scale within the framework of the OTBN, mainly the green category (legal deforestation) with the occurrence of the endangered G. sarmientoi. © 2022 Elsevier GmbH
Purpose: Relying on the agency theory and the financial intermediation theory, the purpose of this paper is to examine to what extent risk governance would improve corporate governance and risk management effectiveness. The paper especially investigates the mediating role that would have the risk governance mechanisms in explaining both of the following relationships: the corporate governance–the banks’ performance, and the risk management–the banks’ performance. Design/methodology/approach: This research uses the Baron and Kenny’s (1986) approach to investigate the mediating effect of risk governance; besides, the study refers to structural equation modeling in carrying out the appropriate panel regressions. The data collection was based largely on Bank scope Database, but some missing qualitative data were gathered manually from the banks’ annual reports available on the banks’ websites. Findings: The study findings illustrate the significant role of risk governance mechanisms in improving both corporate governance and risk management’s effectiveness. Especially, this paper finds that risk governance is fully explaining the corporate governance–bank performance relationship, but risk governance would explain partially the risk management–bank performance relationship. Further, findings suggest that the internal corporate governance mechanisms seem to be more relevant than the external ones in improving the sample bank performance, and that risk management mechanisms seem to impede rather the sample bank performance. Practical implications: The findings would make an important contribution to the current debate on the need to reinvent the optimal organization of the bank’s board and directorates and would allow readers to develop more cost-effective governance and risk-management thinking. Besides, the findings may help bank deciders and boards to rationalize costs and to focus only on the relevant corporate governance and risk management mechanisms. Finally, findings might illustrate to regulatory instance the importance of recommending risk governance in their coming corporate governance guidance. Social implications: The global credit crisis of 2008 caused significant difficulties to financial institutions, so it would be worth enlightening practitioners and policymakers, even regulators, on the importance of considering the level of potential risk and risk monitoring as a key component in the decision-making process, to strengthen the stability and resilience of banks in an increasingly uncertain environment. Originality/value: The issues raised in the paper are important in that Islamic banking is an integral part of the global banking and finance industry. This paper extends the knowledge of the potential importance of the new concept of risk governance with specific reference to Islamic banking industry peculiarities. It also provides a telling illustration of the need for the enhancements of the Basel Committee’s prudential requirements as well as the accounting and auditing organization for Islamic financial institutions and Islamic Financial Services Board set out especially regarding the consideration of risk in the strategic decision process. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is threefold: first, to examine among the board role performance attributes, which ones are critical for sustainability reporting practices; second, to establish the relationship between the overall board role performance and sustainability reporting practices; and third, to establish the relationship between board role performance and the three dimensions of sustainability reporting practices. Design/methodology/approach: This study is correlational as it aims to establish relationships. Data were collected within a period of one year. Usable questionnaires were received from 48 financial services firms in Uganda. Findings: On average, financial services firms in Uganda follow the Global Reporting Initiative sustainability reporting standards to the extent of 64%. The study results also indicate that board role performance is significantly associated with sustainability reporting practices. Board role performance is more associated with social sustainability reporting than environmental and economic sustainability reporting. In terms of board roles, service role is more associated with the sustainability reporting practices than the control and strategic role of the board. Practical implications: The board has to provide the necessary support to management by passing decisions aimed at improving sustainability reporting practices and providing the necessary resources such as budgets for training of staff in sustainability reporting standards. Policymakers may require companies to prepare sustainability reports annually. Originality/value: This study provides insights on the initial understanding of the link between board role performance and sustainability reporting practices. This study sheds more light on the relationship between board role performance and the dimensions of sustainability reporting. The study further enlightens the academic community and practice on which board roles are critical for enhanced sustainability reporting. This study therefore posts that it is no longer a matter of having board members but, rather, the role these board members play. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
There seems to be no agreed taxonomy for climate-related risks. The information in firms’ climate risk disclosures represents a new resource for identifying the priorities and strategies of Australian companies’ management of climate risk. This research surveys 839 companies listed on the Australian Stock Exchange for the presence of climate risk disclosures, identifying 201 disclosures on climate risk. The types of climate risks and the risk management strategies were extracted and evaluated using machine learning. The analysis revealed that Australian firms are focused on acute physical climate risks, followed by market and regulatory risks. The predominant management strategy for these risks was to use a risk reduction approach, rather than avoiding or transferring risk. The analysis showed that key Australian industry sectors, such as materials, banking, insurance, and energy are focusing on different mixtures of risk types, but they are all primarily managing risks through risk-reduction strategies. An underlying driver of climate risk disclosure was composed of the financial implications of climate risk, particularly with respect to acute physical risks. The research showed that emission reductions represent a primary consideration for Australian firms in their disclosures identifying how they are responding to climate risk. Further research using machine learning to evaluate climate risk disclosure should focus on analysing entire climate risk reports for key topics and trends over time. © 2022 by the authors.
Climate change and urbanisation have exacerbated social inequities. Increasing urban heat has made high-density housing units a vulnerability hotspot. Alternatives to extended air-conditioning are required. This research sought evidence on using urban parks as a sustainable alternative by low-income households deprived of adequate living space. We interviewed occupants of tiny flats (approx. 10 m2), known as subdivided units, and compared their park visiting routines and thermal comfort practices with other urban dwellers in Hong Kong. The substandard conditions of these small units have contributed to dwellers' sensitivity and lower capacity to adapt to summer heat, resulting in heat-related illness. The space-poor households have taken a wider range of adaptive actions and visited urban parks more frequently for cooling. Their higher mobility between home and nearby parks has shortened their home-stay time that would otherwise demand residential space cooling. The findings are important for reconsidering and redressing the uneven distribution of urban green spaces. Poor housing conditions and heat stress have forced disadvantaged households to seek refuge from natural cool spaces, such as vegetated and shaded areas of urban parks. Measures for increasing their accessibility, availability and capacity for heat mitigation are conducive to pro-poor and pro-climate spatial planning. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Enterprises commonly make charitable donations to attract customers to purchase their products. We explore the supply chain coordination problem with charitable donation via a Stackelberg game, wherein the e-commerce platform is the leader and the manufacturer is the follower. The former sells the products and decides the commission, whereas the latter determines the charitable donation investment and price. We investigate the charitable donation and pricing strategies in a centralized and decentralized system, and obtain the following insights. (1) The donation and pricing strategies hinges on the proportion of prosocial customers and the donation cost coefficient. (2) Donation can increase the product price and the supply chain performance, unlike non-donation. (3) In the decentralized system with extremely profitable market conditions, charitable donation will aggravate the competition in the supply chain, which benefits the e-commerce platform but hurts the manufacturer. Nonetheless, under certain conditions, the coordination of supply chain can be automatically realized. (4) A simple two-part tariff contract can perfectly coordinate the supply chain. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
We explore production planning in all-you-care-to-eat food service operations, where lack of marginal revenue associated with lost sales constrains the applicability of cost-minimizing strategies. We integrate forecast uncertainty considerations into an operational model of food service production, and derive strategies that minimize food waste subject to target shortfall probabilities. We model this situation using a nonlinear penalty function formulation, utilizing kernel density estimation to characterize deviations from demand forecasts, allowing enumeration of the efficient frontier between conflicting objectives of demand shortfall and food waste, where food waste is measured by either its mass or its embodied CO2-equivalent emissions. When food waste is measured using the weight of wasted food, reducing the substitution threshold (minimum-allowable production level for leftover substitution) for meat-based items at certain meals is preferable. Alternatively, when using CO2-equivalents embodied in wasted food, a variety of strategies, including reducing the substitution threshold at certain meals, increasing the percentage of demands that are satisfied from leftovers at certain meals, and increasing the allowable shortfall probability for beef-based meals, are all attractive. The results provide insight into targeted production level modifications, rather than broad increases or decreases, that can help food service operators manage the tradeoff between these conflicting objectives. © 2021 The Authors
Purpose: A decade after Powell et al.’s (2011) seminal article on behavioral strategy, which called for models to solve real-world problems, the authors revisit the field to ask whether behavioral strategy is coming of age. The purpose of this paper is to explain how behavioral strategy can and has been used in real-world settings. Design/methodology/approach: This study presents a conceptual review with case study examples of the impact of behavioral strategy on real-world problems. Findings: This study illustrates several examples where behavioral strategy debiasing has been effective. Although no causal claims can be made, with the stark contrast between the negative impact of biased strategies and the positive results emerging from debiasing techniques, this study argues that there is evidence of the benefits of a behavioral strategy mindset, and that this should be the mindset of a responsible strategic leader. Practical implications: This study presents a demonstration of analytical, debate and organizational debiasing techniques and how they are being used in real-world settings, specifically military intelligence, Mergers and acquisitions deal-making, resource allocation and capital projects. Social implications: Behavioral strategy has broad application in private and public sectors. It has proven practical value in various settings, for example, the application of reference class forecasting in large infrastructure projects. Originality/value: A conceptual review of behavioral strategy in the wild. © 2022, Wayne Borchardt, Takhaui Kamzabek and Dan Lovallo.
Future water scarcity is a global concern with impacts across the energy, water, and land (EWL) sectors. Countries in Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC) are significant producers of agricultural goods, so disruptions resulting from water scarcity in LAC have global importance. Understanding where water scarcity in LAC could occur and what could exacerbate it is critical for strategic resource management and planning, both regionally and globally. Assessing future water scarcity in LAC is challenging given the complex interactions among the EWL sectors and the multiple uncertainties acting across spatial scales. To illuminate these dynamics, we use scenario discovery on a large ensemble representing diverse futures simulated using an integrated human-environmental systems model. We quantify future water scarcity and its economic impacts across several physical and economic metrics. We find that future levels of reservoir storage expansion could be a significant driver of physical and economic water scarcity, highlighting the importance of strategic water infrastructure development in maintaining future water availability. Changes in crop profit are driven by both water supply and demand, emphasizing the complexity of EWL multisector dynamics. While most of LAC is poised to have abundant land and water resources available for future development, basins in Mexico and along the Pacific coast of South America experience high exposure to severe outcomes and uncertainty across outcomes for at least one metric. We find that drivers of severe scarcity vary spatially and across metrics, highlighting the region's heterogeneity and the importance of considering multiple metrics to assess water scarcity. © 2022 The Authors. Earth's Future published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Geophysical Union.
Purpose: To develop an understanding of communication among agribusiness journals and to examine patterns of citations that allow the measurement and description of the structure of communication flows among those journals in a network. Design/methodology/approach: The data for this study were gathered from the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) published by Thomson Scientific (Philadelphia). The authors conducted a bibliometric analysis, based on an international trade analogy to explain the network of agribusiness journals and how these journals communicate with business and economics journals. Findings: Business and economics journals and, particularly the traditionally major ones, surprisingly were scarcely every used. However, the British Food Journal stood out with 50 citations to marketing and strategic management journals. Research limitations/implications: There are predominantly four such limitations: only 33 journals were studied, only one 5-year time period was involved, that time period is a few years old and the journal characteristics were derived using data from the “Scopes” and “Information for Authors” text on the website of each journal. Practical implications: Exchanges of agribusiness knowledge and information among diverse stakeholders (consumers, suppliers and public agencies) in a complex environment require a better understanding of the network of agribusiness journals and their relation to traditional business and economics journals. Social implications: Networks of journals facilitate cooperation and interactions to improve developments in the field. Originality/value: Examining citations from and to the field of agribusiness is interesting and important because knowledge is transferred through networks comprise those who contribute to journals, read them and learn from them, i.e. by “talking” to each other as well as by practitioners who also read and learn from those journals. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This article analyses the changing relations and deal making processes between the State of Finland and Finnish cities in the context of the so-called partnership approach in regional development. Within the partnership approach, the state apparatus and cities are figuratively posited as equal partners, though this equality has not been achieved in practice. The approach, promoted by consecutive Finnish governments, is analysed as an active mode of territorial politics that aims to capture or produce certain forms of urbanisation. These strategic partnerships are analysed by utilising the so-called regional cities, a group of smaller Finnish cities, as a case study. The article looks at how different participants, interviewed state officials and mayors of the regional cities, evaluate and frame the partnership approach. While the interviewees often regard the partnership approach as a functional mode of interaction and development, in practice, it creates and solidifies spatial categories and further contributes to the justification of instances of spatial selectivity. It becomes evident that deal making as a mode of regional development policy relies on hierarchisation and categorisation reflecting wider trends in state spatial transformation. The article argues that while failing to address the needs of smaller cities, the deal making process is nevertheless manifest in terms of demonstrative politics and so-called non-deals where deal making practices are constantly upheld but without clear content. © The Author(s) 2022.
Every organization is struggling to stay competitive since the pandemic has forced everyone into difficult situations. The only way to cope with this situation is to enhance development and advancement in human resources. HR Analytics, a critical tool for creating, analyzing, and storing a vast amount of employee data to make efficient decisions, played a significant role. Human resource analytics helps understand how the investments in human capital assets can contribute to the depreciation of expenses, reducing risk, generating revenues, and executing the strategic plan. In this paper the prime focus is on studying the existing literature on HR analytics and how it helps in making predictive decision-making. The paper also explores the periodic developments done in Human resource analytics as it is having a very crucial role in effective decision-making which gradually result in the success of an organization. © 2022 University of Stockholm. All rights reserved.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to theoretically link design thinking with behavioural strategy, using empirical results that relate three cognitive dimensions: design thinking personality traits, cognitive passive resistance and linear thinking, and, consequently, determine: if there is a negative relationship between design thinking traits and cognitive passive resistance and if this relationship is mediated by linear thinking. Design/methodology/approach: This study used a quantitative methodology of covariance-based structural equation modelling. The data were collected from a three-scale, self-completed questionnaire, which was constructed using the existing modelling of the academic literature. The questionnaire was validated by confirmatory factor analysis and applied to a sample of 342 professional engineering and business graduates in Colombia. Findings: The results of the structural equation modelling demonstrate a negative relationship between design thinking traits and cognitive passive resistance, and this relationship is mediated by linear thinking. These findings link design thinking and behavioural strategy and build new foundations for future studies, providing further theoretical support to the academic literature’s discussion of the relationship between design thinking and theories of managerial practices and innovation management. Research limitations/implications: The main limitation of this study is the subjectivity of the answers because of potential bias from the respondents in completing the questionnaire. Another limitation is that the research was conducted only in the context of Colombia, so it is recommended that other studies be carried to generalise the results. This study has several theoretical implications. This study contributes to existing research on design thinking, evidencing a promising field of study to support it theoretically, such as the behavioural strategy. This study also contributes to the literature on innovation management deepening into a field of study that has received less attention in the literature, such as passive cognitive resistance to innovation. Likewise, this study presents a theoretical contribution to the dual process of cognition, proposing a new dimension to the construction of the multidimensional concept of nonlinear thinking. This study also contributes to the behavioural strategy field, evidencing a growing area of application in strategic management, such as design thinking. Finally, this research also proposes the development of a new research avenue about the concept of knowledge hiding as a possible source of innovation resistance. Practical implications: This research also has implications for business and engineering education and practice. This study’s results suggest that before implementing an organisational initiative such as design thinking, which seeks to change people's behaviour, it is necessary to approach it as a cognitive process and develop strategies to mitigate passive cognitive resistance to change. This research’s results also present implications for business and engineering education, evidencing the need to include other perspectives of thinking that allow non-designers to develop creative thinking. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first quantitative study on design thinking as a business management concept using linear thinking of non-designers to relate design thinking traits with cognitive passive resistance. This research provides theoretical and empirical support for framing design thinking within the field of behavioural strategy. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In the present framework, integrated utilization of sustainable energy options received greater attention due to the concerns of climate change, exponential rise in demand, and limited availability of fossil fuels. In this paper, various issues in the design and development of integrated renewable energy system have been presented. Multi criteria decision making parameters for design of integrated renewable energy system such as financial, technical, environmental and social have been studied in detail. Different storage technologies such as chemical, electrochemical, mechanical and thermal are available to manage stochastic nature of renewable sources. While designing an integrated energy system, optimum unit sizing of the system is one of the important aspects. Different state of the art sizing methodologies such as artificial intelligence, traditional methods, hybrid methods and available software tools have been presented in the paper. Various control strategies for energy management in integrated energy system such as multi agent system (MAS), demand side management (DSM), distributed controller, centralized controller and hybrid controller have been studied in detail. Further, various open issues in integrated renewable energy system have been investigated in the paper along with the possible solutions to address the reported open issues. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Despite efforts to achieve environmental sustainability, the globe is not yet on the right track; various difficulties have lately emerged because of development, including natural resource depletion, biodiversity loss, and pollution issues. The strategic objectives of the environment for the year 2030 aim to achieve rational management of natural resource assets and the maintenance of the balance of ecosystems and biodiversity, and hence, it is necessary to deal with the important challenges of current urban development, which directly and indirectly affect resources and ecosystems, and human health. This has led to development of tools to consider the relationship between human activities and environmental sustainability in a policy-relevant way. Such tools can identify policies that might simultaneously achieve sustainability, preserve resources while protecting health and equity. This paper aims at understanding the impact of various urban development sectors on environmental ecosystems through employing a systematic framework to formulate appropriate measures and policies to confront these challenges. Various methodological frameworks are reviewed leading to selection of the ecosystems-enriched Drivers, Pressures, State, Exposure, Effect Action (eDPSEEA) as an appropriate tool for assessing and determining the cause and effect of an ecosystem to guide and direct responses and actions in the Egyptian context. El Fayoum Governorate is selected as a case study to test the suitability of this framework. The study concludes that the application of this systemic methodological approach can enhance understanding of the interrelationships among the multifaceted components within the urban system and its impacts on eco-systems, helping to enhance the decision-making and implementation processes. © 2022, Kauno Technologijos Universitetas. All rights reserved.
The COVID-19 pandemic transformed social and economic systems globally, including fisheries systems. Decreases in seafood demand, supply chain disruptions, and public safety regulations required numerous adaptations to maintain the livelihoods and social resilience of fishing communities. Surveys, interviews, and focus groups were undertaken to assess impacts from and adaptive responses to the pandemic in commercial fisheries in five U.S. regions: the Northeast, California, Alaska, the U.S. Caribbean, and the Pacific Islands. Fishery adaptation strategies were categorized using the Resist–Accept–Direct (RAD) framework, a novel application to understand social transformation in a social-ecological system in response to a disturbance. A number of innovations emerged, or were facilitated, that could improve the fisheries' resilience to future disruptions. Fishers with diversified options and strategic flexibility generally fared better, i.e., had fewer disruptions to their livelihoods. Using the RAD framework to identify adaptation strategies from fishery system actors highlights opportunities for improving resilience of fisheries social-ecological systems to future stressors. © 2022 The Authors. Fisheries Management and Ecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: This study aims to explore how hotels adapt their business models as a strategic response to crisis situations. It sheds light on the processes and methods of business model adaptation during severe crisis situations, such as the COVID-19 outbreak. Design/methodology/approach: A single-case study was conducted. Data were collected from the owner/manager of a boutique hotel chain in Chiang Mai, Thailand through an extensive interviewing process. The authors also examined corporate documents. The authors then re-organized the material as a coherent narrative about how the company navigated the COVID-19 crisis. Findings: The findings show that the hotels in the study adapted their business models by cutting costs through stopping non-essential operations, increasing non-room revenues and adding new revenue channels, bringing in cash from advance bookings, securing financial support from creditors, leveraging government support and training staff for the “new normal.” Originality/value: Few previous studies have focused on business model adaptation during the COVID-19 crisis. The investigation of this largely neglected area provides two main contributions. First, it extends the literature on crisis management in hospitality firms by examining business model adaptation patterns and processes during unprecedented crisis conditions. Second, it provides managerial insights and a business model adjustment framework to help practitioners in urban settings in their efforts toward recovery from the COVID crisis. © 2021, International Tourism Studies Association.
Ecological heterogeneity promotes species persistence and diversity. Environmental change has, however, eroded patterns of heterogeneity globally, stifling species recovery. To test the effects of seasonal heterogeneity on a reintroduced carnivore, American martens (Martes americana), we compared metrics of local and season-specific heterogeneity to traditional forest metrics on the survival of 242 individuals across 8 years and predicted a survival landscape for 13 reintroduction sites. We found that heterogeneity-created by forest structure in the growing season and snow in the winter-improved survival and outperformed traditional forest metrics. Spatial variation in heterogeneity created a distinct survival landscape, but seasonal change in heterogeneity generated temporal discordance. All translocation sites possessed high forest heterogeneity but there were greater differences in winter heterogeneity; recovery sites with the poorest snow conditions had the lowest viability. Our work links heterogeneity across seasons to fitness and suggests that management strategies that increase seasonal aspects of heterogeneity may help to recover other sensitive species to continuing environmental change.  © 2022 The Author(s).
The operations of large hydropower dams in the Mekong basin, while posing detrimental transboundary effects downstream, are not fully recognised in Vietnamese government policies, especially at the regional scale. This study adopts the concept of institutional fit to investigate policy gaps in addressing the transboundary water challenges characterised by falling floodwater flows and accelerating saltwater intrusion in the Vietnamese Mekong Delta. Based on interviews with key stakeholders (including central and provincial government officials, environmental experts, and academics) as well as desk reviews of policy documents, we argue that, while the transboundary water repercussions are increasingly evident on the ground, they are not adequately factored in water policies and strategic development planning for the delta. This study suggests that failure to incorporate co-evolving effects of climate change and Mekong-wide hydropower dynamics into local water governance will cause institutional constraints to tackle water stressors (too much or too little water) over the long term. Achieving institutional fit will therefore help align the national water policy framework with local development strategies and reduce policy-practice gaps at the delta scale. To this end, two key aspects need to be considered: first, how, and in which forms, innovative management decisions and water governance policies can be effectively undertaken towards securing the living delta and its resilience to present and future environmental risks; and second, how reframed water policy and development agendas can holistically capture and resolve the transboundary hydrological problems, while leveraging the Vietnamese government's policy engagement at higher levels to address related impacts. © 2022 The Authors. Environmental Policy and Governance published by ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The purpose of this study is to systematize and consolidate a scattered literature on the theme of firm-user collaboration by focusing on the strategic, organizational, and managerial dynamics of firms. To achieve this aim, a systematic review of 152 articles was carried out. Papers were first organized into six clusters of firm-user collaboration: (1) Identifying and Selecting Users and Ideas, (2) Organizing Collaboration with Users, (3) Networking with Users, (4) Engaging Users in the Innovation Process, (5) Developing Resources and Capabilities to support Collaboration with Users, and (6) Strategizing for Users’ Involvement. The main topics within each area were then organized sequentially, following a typical innovation-management process to facilitate the identification of further research opportunities and under-addressed topics that could be relevant to tackle. The paper contributes to the innovation literature by providing a firm-centered perspective on the strategic, organizational, and managerial preconditions and dynamics needed to enable and enhance collaboration with users. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The Nevada and Utah Springsnail Conservation Strategy (the Strategy) is a comprehensive and proactive 10-year plan to protect 103 species of truncatelloidean springsnails and their habitats (primarily springs). Springsnails are tiny, aquatic, and often locally endemic truncatelloidea and cerithioidean snails threatened by both local and regional stressors. A bi-state agreement (the Agreement) was forged by state and federal agencies and The Nature Conservancy (TNC) in 2018 in a manner consistent with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) conservation criteria. Successful achievement of Agreement objectives will protect springsnails and their habitats in the two states, precluding the need for a federal listing of those species. The objectives of the Agreement are to: (1) compile springsnail ecology and distribution data into a single database; (2) identify, assess, and reduce threats to the taxa and their habitats; (3) maintain, enhance, and restore spring habitats; (4) develop and maintain a springsnail conservation team (SCT); and (5) create an effective education and outreach program for landowners, agencies, and the general public. The SCT held in-person and multiple virtual meetings in 2019–2020 to initiate the Strategy, introduce and clarify member roles, and pursue the integration of available information. The SCT assembled information and literature on each taxon in the two states into the Springs Online database (springsdata.org), a password-protected, easily used online information management system for archiving and reporting on springs-dependent species taxonomy, distribution, associated species, and population and conservation status data. The information gathered was used to generate conservation reports for individual species that can be readily updated as new information emerges. Within each Agreement objective, we describe issues to ensure springsnail species representation, resiliency, and redundancy, which are USFWS metrics of population integrity. We describe springsnail diversity and distribution, the threats and challenges to effective springsnail conservation, and the process the SCT is using to address those issues. Development of the Strategy enables the SCT to monitor, prioritize, and readily report on springsnail conservation progress over the decadal life of the Agreement. As one of the largest springs and springs-dependent species conservation efforts in the world, the context and development of the Strategy provide key lessons for other such efforts. © 2022 by the authors.
Cross-cultural differences and their effects on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) perceptions and expectations may be a source of risks and opportunities for managers of multinational or international companies. Moving from this assumption, this paper focuses on the relatively underdeveloped topic of CSR in Eastern European, post- Communist countries, with the aim to compare how CSR is perceived and affect consumers’ behaviours in Albania (EU candidate only in March 2020) compared to Germany and Italy. Through an empirical study of CSR perceptions of Albanian master degree students in comparison with their German and Italian colleagues, we found, first, that Albanian students share with their Western counterparts a perception of firm duties encompassing the economic, legal, environmental, and voluntariness dimensions; second, that for Albanian students a firm behaves in a socially responsible manner to the extent it acts responsibly toward the environment and achieves economic success; third, that they have stronger expectations in terms of CSR and more positive attitudes toward responsible buying than Western European students. Overall, our study suggests that cultural differences affect CSR perceptions and expectations, which, in turn, influence the purchasing behaviours. Thus, from a cross-cultural management perspective, managers need to be aware of these differences, assess their potential impact on stakeholders’ behaviours and attitudes toward a firm, identify risks and opportunities, and finally decide their strategic responses. © The Author(s) 2022.
The topic of the current research is dictated by the growing importance and prospects of the tourism industry in Bulgaria over the past 15 years. The increase and diversification of the needs of tourists lead to the need for a more detailed study of the marketing management of specialized forms of tourism, one of which is health tourism. The relevance of the topic of the present study is determined by the current state of tourism in Bulgaria, as well as by the trends related to combining tourist travel with treatment or prevention of diseases. The importance of the topic is related to the possibility and need for specialized and improved marketing management by stakeholders in health tourism at the macroeconomic level. In the article a system of indicators for a comprehensive assessment of the marketing management of health tourism is developed. Based on the obtained empirical results, recommendations for the development of health tourism in the country are made, which are specified for the tourism region Sofia in the form of a strategic marketing plan. Based on it, strategic marketing plans for the development of health tourism in other tourism regions of the country can be prepared. This would help create a brand Bulgaria as a destination for year-round health tourism. © 2022, Research Centre in Public Administration and Public Services,cademy of Economic Studies, Bucharest, Romania. All rights reserved.
In 2019, Europe adopted the New Green Deal as a strategic plan to become a competitive, resource-efficient, and driven economy by reducing its gas emissions and carbon footprint. Due the COVID-19 pandemic, this strategic plan was recently updated to expedite the green transition of European industries. Therefore, the present paper deals with the problem of deciding an appropriate size for a biomass plant that directly produces electric energy by means of two different conversion processes: combustion and gasification. After an initial estimation of the energy potential in western Sicily, GIS data of biomass growth were used to identify the appropriate size for the power plants under investigation. The economic feasibility of biomass utilization was evaluated over a capacity range of 10 to 30 MW, considering total capital investments, revenues from energy sales, and total operating costs. Moreover, the effect of variations on incentive prices was analyzed by means of a sensitivity analysis. Comparing the different plant solutions considered, the environmental sustainability was also analyzed using the life cycle assessment (LCA) approach. The results showed that the combustion solution had a higher profitability and a lower environmental impact for each plant size. The obtained results also demonstrated that providing power from residual biomass in small agricultural communities would significantly reduce their environmental impacts while improving the economic feasibility of their waste management practices. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: Risk is primarily managed by developing the right strategies. Effective alignment of lean and agile strategies is always challenging for practitioners to create firm’s competitiveness. The purpose of this study is to comprehend the behavior of these fundamental supply chain (SC) strategies by using the Triple-A framework. Design/methodology/approach: Sample data is collected from 257 SC professionals serving in manufacturing firms through a self-administered structured questionnaire. The statistical technique used to perform hypotheses testing is structural equation modeling. Findings: This study discloses a few critical attributes of lean and agile strategies while attempting to create strategic alignment and gain maximum benefits out of it. One of the key findings is that a lean strategy finds it challenging to create adaptability. However, better alignment among the market priorities and operational capabilities may improve risk management capabilities. Practical implications: This study posits various vital insights for strategy-makers. For instance, it is advised to the operations managers that lean resources are usually never capable of adopting change but can be aligned with the market changes to create a SC risk management capability for the firm. Originality/value: This is an original research with various useful insights for SC operations strategy-makers and academic researchers as it reveals a key empirical evidence of past vital concepts. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Introduction: Disease-related stress is a common phenomenon. It also occurs in neoplastic diseases. Since physical and mental health are interrelated, it is important to make sure that treatment covers these two areas. Therefore, it is essential to learn how patients with neoplastic diseases can cope with stress. Materials and Methods: The respondents are 306 patients suffering from neoplastic diseases, associated in patient advocacy groups. The method is the Brief-COPE (Coping Orientation to Problems Experienced) questionnaire. Results: The following stress management strategies were most commonly adopted by the patients: acceptance (median 2.25; 25–75% IQR 2.0–3.0), active coping (median 2.0; 25–75% IQR (interquartile range) 1.5–2.0), planning (median 2.0; 25–75% IQR 2.0–2.0), emotional support (median 2.0; 25–75% IQR 1.5–2.0), instrumental support (median 2.0; 25–75% IQR 2.0–2.0), self-distraction (median 2.0; 25–75% IQR 1.5–3.0), and venting (median 2.0; 25–75% IQR 1.5–3.0). A decision to adopt a particular stress management strategy by patients with neoplastic diseases was highly affected by demographic factors (p < 0.05), such as sex, education, age, place of residence and employment. Conclusions: Teaching stress management strategies should be a part of the education process among patients with neoplastic diseases. Before or in the course of treatment, an oncology patient should be educated on the prevention of mental health disorders. The ability to cope with stress is one of the key competences for the course of neoplastic diseases and it can affect the treatment process. Stress management in chronic diseases, including neoplastic diseases, should be approached not only at the level of an individual person but also at the level of the health system as a whole. © 2022 by the authors.
Industrial waste disposal is conducted by coprocessing in the cement kiln. This process can save resources and dispose of industrial waste in a way that is beneficial to the environment by using renewable energy and being a viable alternative to the cement industry in several countries. Nowadays, there is competition among industrial waste processors due to their increasing numbers. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the significant factors related to forecasting the selection of industrial waste disposal services in cement kilns by developing random parameters with heterogeneity in means and variances. To our knowledge, there are no studies analyzing the selection of industrial waste disposal in coprocessing. Thus, this analysis is a novel approach, able to reduce the least bias and incorrect inference that may lead to operation on effective dealing measures to explain individual relationships based on the differences of several customers. The questionnaires were completed by the customers. According to our findings, a statistically significant factor that customers considered was the image of industrial waste disposal processors by coprocessing in cement kiln, and factors of distances from the waste processors had a significant role in customer decision, whereas the logistics job position may choose the service due to the E-license convenience. The limitation of the study is findings in Thailand. Coprocessing in other countries can use the research results and incorporate them into their strategic business plan in the future to ensure the sustainability of their service by coprocessing cement kilns. © 2022 The Institution of Chemical Engineers
Large energy companies and energy startups are increasingly focusing their resources to build new businesses concerning smart energy systems (SES). The development and integration of related innovative technologies for green transformation with traditional business models are often hampered, however, by the challenge of parallel management of exploitation of current business areas, and the exploration of new business areas with breakthrough innovation. While knowledge management could be key in this balancing strategy and shifting the organization to a more sustainable future, little is known about the challenges in the context of the energy sector. Applying a comparative case study method at a large energy company and a small energy startup, path dependency is reflected in KMS design in both cases, which could result in a slower shift to new technologies in case of the incumbent, and slower exploitation of the technological innovation in case of the startup. If a partnership is not an option for simulating structural ambidexterity, energy companies could speed up green transformation individually with smart knowledge management systems (SKMS) that support the development of contextual ambidexterity and SES. © 2022 The Author(s)
Water pollution from intensive livestock husbandry is a persistent social-ecological problem. Since remedies require attention to the slurry–water nexus among practitioners, the agricultural press is a strategic entry point for agenda setting. Systematic content analysis can provide insights into how farming practices and sustainability issues are communicated, which may influence farmers’ attention to the issue and to potential solutions. To address this question, we present a semantic network analysis of three specialized farming magazines in Germany and analyze their coverage of the slurry–water nexus, in particular relationships of actors and issues and co-occurrence with political events. We used text mining methods in order to analyze a text corpus consisting of 4227 online articles published between 2010 and 2020. Results show that one fifth of all slurry-themed articles contained water-related content. We found a shift over time from dominantly management-oriented content towards a politicized debate with more actors and stronger semantic relationships with water protection constructed as an insulated stand-alone issue. This is accompanied by a shift from thematic reporting to episodic reporting focused on environmental legislation and compliance management. This implies less attention to innovations for water-conserving slurry management. Despite its shortcomings, episodic coverage may open up windows of opportunity to improve communication by experts and policy makers. © 2022 by the authors.
Agricultural water is affected by climate change and water management. Agricultural reservoirs are increasing demand on the environmental water supply because the Korean government has recently implemented an integrated water resource management policy. However, agricultural reservoirs are still in operation solely to supply agricultural water. To examine sustainable agricultural water management under climate change, we analyzed the strategy of operating regulations to efficiently distribute agricultural water as environmental water. We simulated the agricultural reservoir operation, analyzing its water supply capacity by applying operation regulations. The simulation predicted that future water supply capacity would decrease if the existing operation were maintained, and agricultural reservoir operation will be necessary in the future. The proposed reservoir operating strategy decreased the maximum water shortage and number of water shortage days compared with the existing operation with the required water supply. Our results can contribute to agricultural reservoir operation strategies and sustainable water management in response to climate change and provide decision-making guidance on water distribution for environmental use in response to water management policy changes. © 2022 by the authors.
While the spread of plant disease depends strongly on biological factors driving transmission, it also has a human dimension. Disease control depends on decisions made by individual growers, who are in turn influenced by a broad range of factors. Despite this, human behaviour has rarely been included in plant epidemic models. Considering Cassava Brown Streak Disease, we model how the perceived increase in profit due to disease management influences participation in clean seed systems (CSS). Our models are rooted in game theory, with growers making strategic decisions based on the expected profitability of different control strategies. We find that both the information used by growers to assess profitability and the perception of economic and epidemiological parameters influence long-term participation in the CSS. Over-estimation of infection risk leads to lower participation in the CSS, as growers perceive that paying for the CSS will be futile. Additionally, even though good disease management can be achieved through the implementation of CSS, and a scenario where all controllers use the CSS is achievable when growers base their decision on the average of their entire strategy, CBSD is rarely eliminated from the system. These results are robust to stochastic and spatial effects. Our work highlights the importance of including human behaviour in plant disease models, but also the significance of how that behaviour is included. Copyright: © 2022 Murray-Watson et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Purpose: A model to evaluate the maturity of the integration of three management systems in food industries, under the aspects of environment, quality and food safety is proposed. Design/methodology/approach: The model is composed of maturity levels, allowing the understanding of the integration of the systems mentioned and their stage of evolution. The work was based on a bibliographic review of the topics: ISO standards, Integrated Management Systems (IMS) and already existing methods for maturity assessment. The referred model is composed of elements related to (1) audit dynamics, (2) changes in behavior, (3) the organizational structure, (4) the participation of senior management and (5) the interface with the cycle of continuous improvement. Findings: The model is easily applicable and composed of five maturity levels, allowing the understanding of the stage of system evolution: (1) absence of maturity, (2) introductory level, (3) intermediate level, (4) toward excellence and (5) excellence. Research limitations/implications: The results of the model may help managers in the development of actions for the improvement of their integrated management (drivers for IMS) aiming at process control, the focus on the client and the integration of people and processes. Based on the drivers, the managers will be able to make plans characterized by orientations, techniques and tools applied in the several organizational processes. Using the proposed model, managers can enhance the desired results with efficiency and effectiveness. Originality/value: The existing literature presents limited results on the integration of certified systems for the analysis of the maturity stages in manufacturing industries. Therefore, this study extends results from other studies on IMS, associating them to an organizational maturity analysis in food industries, resulting in a proposal of maturity model. This study also proposes the integration of ISO 14001, ISO 9001 and ISO 22000 to indicate the maturity stage of manufacturing industries in the food sector, supporting the strategic management process of organizations of any size. The model adopts several aspects of management and control to provide a holistic view on the integrated management of organizations. Finally, the proposed model considers several aspects of management and control for the food industries in the developing countries, providing a holistic view of integrated management. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Most hospitals have a contingency plan, based on all-risks and all-hazards assessment principles. However, emerging threats and risks often necessitate a flexible approach to emergency management at several levels of a disaster response system, for example, in hospitals. Sweden, and possibly other countries, has limited possibilities of surge capacity in the management of large-scale disasters and emergencies, which necessitates a local/national partnership and a flexible local disaster and contingency plan. This study evaluates the opinions of a selected managerial group, both at operative and strategic levels, regarding possible changes in a major hospital’s contingency plan during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Semistructured interviews were conducted to explore the elements of surge capacity and an operational tool, consisting of command and control, safety, communication, assessment, triage, treatment, and transport. The results show a need to create feasible management methods that can be evaluated, establish clear leadership, put preparedness as a constant point on the highest managerial agenda, improve external monitoring, and create a regional coordinating center. Furthermore, the results emphasize the significant role played by the incident command system and qualified leadership to facilitate competent and crucial medical decision making, as well as to provide reliable communication, collaboration, and coordination in a multi-agency response system during dynamic and unexpected emergencies. These steps enable a constant connection between reactive contingency plans and the proactivity in continuous risk assessment and enhance the flexibility of the contingency plans. © 2022, The Author(s).
Reducing conflict between humans and wildlife is considered a top conservation priority. However, increasingly human-induced disturbances across natural landscapes have escalated encounters between humans and wildlife. In Nepal, forests have been destroyed, fragmented, and developed for human settlements, agricultural production, and urban centers for decades. As a result, human-wildlife conflict, in the form of crop-raiding, livestock predation, and injuries to humans and wildlife, is common throughout the country. In particular, crop-raiding by macaques is an increasingly common form of human-wildlife conflict. Rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) have been identified as a top ten crop-raiding wildlife species in Nepal. In order to better understand the nationwide distribution and intensity of human-rhesus macaque conflict (HRMC), we conducted an extensive literature review of reported incidences of HRMC during the period 2000 to 2021 in Nepal. We also created an online survey to obtain nationwide data on the location and severity of HRMC, and modeled the set of ecological factors that affect habitat suitability for rhesus macaques. An ensemble of three different species distribution model (SDM) algorithms were used to analyze these data. We found that almost 44% of Nepal's land area contains suitable habitat for rhesus macaques, with less than 8% of all suitable habitat located in protected national parks. As humans continue to alter and fragment natural landscapes, HRMC in Nepal has intensified. At present, nearly 15% of the country's land area in which human settlements are permitted, is characterized by moderate or high rates of HRMC. We argue that prioritizing programs of forest restoration, strategic management plans designed to connect isolated forest fragments with high rhesus macaque population densities, creating government programs that compensate farmers for income lost due to crop-raiding, and educational outreach that informs local villagers of the importance of conservation and protecting biodiversity, offer the most effective solutions to reduce HRMC in Nepal. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Water management and treatment are high concern fields with several challenges due to increasing pollutants produced by human activity. It is imperative to find integral solutions and strategic measures with robust remediation. Landfill leachate production is a high concern emerging problem. Especially in low middle-income countries due to no proper local waste disposition regulation and non-engineered implemented methods to dispose of urban waste. These landfills can accumulate electronic waste and release heavy metals during the degradation process. Similar phenomena include expired pharmaceuticals like antibiotics. All these pollutants accumulated in leachate made it hard to dispose of or treat. Leachate produced in non-engineered landfills can permeate soils and reach groundwater, dragging different contaminants, including antibiotics and heavy metals, which eventually can affect the environment, changing soil properties and affecting wildlife. The presence of antibiotics in the environment is a problem with particular interest to solve, mainly to avoid the development of antibiotic-resistant microorganisms, which represent a future risk for human health with possible epidemic implications. It has been reported that the use of contaminated water with heavy metals to produce and grow vegetables is a risk for consumers, heavy metals effects in humans can include carcinogenic induction. This work explores the opportunities to use leachate as a source of nutrients to grow microalgae. Microalgae stand out as an alternative to bioremediate leachate, at the same time, microalgae produce high-value compounds that can be used in bioplastic, biofuels, and other industrial applications. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This study offers a theoretical foundation for how nanotechnology impacts most commodities and materials in many ways, given high-tech production processes that increase goods' functional, chemical, and physical qualities. This influenced the cost structure of production and strategic cost management's efforts to adjust for the change. The study employed descriptive-analytic methods to investigate nanotechnology's impact on cost management. The study was based on a comprehensive review of previous studies on nanotechnology and Industry 4.0. The results imply strategic cost management as a vital management and accounting strategy for reallocating indirect costs based on specifications to produce items that meet consumer needs. With rising fixed costs, this study links nanotechnology and cost structure. Strategic cost management techniques minimize costs while preserving product quality, enabling organizations to stay competitive. © 2022, Ahmed Maher Mohammad Ali; published by UIKTEN. This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 4.0 License.
How should we distinguish between ethical and unethical ways of pursuing profit in a market? The market failures approach (MFA) to business ethics purports to provide an answer to this question. I argue that it fails to do so. The source of this failure is the MFA's reliance on Pareto efficiency as a core ethical principle. Many ethically preferred tactics for seeking profit cannot be justified by appeal to Pareto efficiency. One important reason for this is that Pareto efficiency, as understood by the theory of welfare economics upon which the MFA relies, assumes a static conception of efficiency. This is a problem because many ethically preferred tactics can only be justified by appeal to dynamic efficiency considerations. I argue that, instead of Pareto efficiency, we should look to the value of wealth creation to understand the ethical constraints on how market actors may pursue profit.  ©
This study examines the operation of the New York, Chicago & St Louis Railroad Company, which is better known by the name, the Nickel Plate Road (NKP). The operations and financial reports from its inception through the period under study provide evidence that management adopted practices that contributed to a populist view of behaviour akin to the robber baron image. This added to social disruption, and the need for anti-trust regulation. Monopolistic tendencies of U.S. large-scale enterprises in the last decades of the nineteenth century motivated speculative investors to build the NKP for selling it to ensure anti-competitive aims of the acquirer. This article, based on the annual accounting reports, asserts that enabling such a structure guided NKP's activities. This demonstrates that laissez-faire business policy alone was failing to meet developing social constructs for an industrial society. Disclosure of accounting numbers became an expectation with the rise of the Interstate Commerce Commission and regulation demonstrating the public use of private interest. Regulating the socio-economic force of railroads and addressing the ‘railroad problem’ would require decades for government officials to effectively address. © The Author(s) 2022.
Purpose: The research areas of humanitarian supply chain (HSC) and disaster and humanitarian operations (DHO) have evolved through the use of managerial models. Recent studies, however, point to the need for the empirical validation of such managerial models in real-life scenarios. Therefore, the present study aims to investigate the validation of recent managerial models based on empirical data of two disasters in Haiti: the earthquake in 2010 and Hurricane Matthew in 2016. Design/methodology/approach: This research developed two case studies from the perspective of the Brazilian Navy (BN), a part of the Brazilian Armed Forces that led the United Nations Mission for Stabilization in Haiti (MINUSTAH) in both disasters. The case studies focused on empirically validating managerial models for stakeholder identification, stakeholder satisfaction, response processes, strategies for collaboration and the integration of these models. Findings: The results revealed that compared to the response to the earthquake in 2010, the response to Hurricane Matthew in 2016 was superior. The collaborative strategies of the BN and other stakeholders used after the earthquake were more reactive, while the strategies after Hurricane Matthew aimed more at planning and anticipating adverse situations. Originality/value: This research reinforces the investigated managerial models and indicates their suitability as planning tools for practitioners of HSC and DHO, which is essential for the further development of academic contributions related to integrating the models into more robust solutions. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The attractiveness of the coasts tends to increase their exposure to erosion and marine flooding risks. This exposure is exacerbated by the effects of climate change, in particular sea level rise. To contribute to strategic thinking on the vulnerability of coastal areas, it is essential to develop, share and collectively maintain relevant knowledge on risks. This article will present the thinking behind the setting up of a coastal risks observatory in Brittany, a region located in north-western France. It relies on a conceptual approach to systemic vulnerability based on four components: hazards, assets, management, and social representations. Hazards and assets underpin the notion of risk and tend to increase the vulnerability, management tends to mitigate it, and representations can play a part in increasing or decreasing it depending on the context. To understand and analyse this system of vulnerability, our approach is based on the generation of a set of 62 indicators combined into different types of indices. A web-GIS interface was developed to navigate through and map this system of vulnerability. The difficulties associated with this type of synthetic approach will be discussed, whether they are related to data availability, to the links between scientific research and operational territorial management requirements, or to an understanding of the dynamics of all of the vulnerability components and their interactions. Ultimately, the approach developed has been successful in mobilising scientific and operational stakeholders around the co-construction of a diagnosis of territories with regard to their vulnerability to coastal risks. © 2022
Management has been considering employee commitment as one of the strategic priorities, due to many studies suggesting the positive influence of commitment on high performance, innovative work behavior, employee retention, and many other important business outcomes. Nevertheless, commitment is considered an abstract construct, from which human resources management needs to create policies and practices that effectively support the business strategy and organizational culture. The existence of many foci of commitment in the workplace has been a challenge in that scenario, being important to understand how different foci relate to each other and how they influence the employee commitment process. To contribute to filling this gap, this research aims to compare two different models, analyzing the relationship between two foci of commitment, namely the affective commitment to the leader and organizational commitment. For this purpose, the employees’ emotional awareness has been considered as an independent variable. Hence, this study seeks to identify which model has higher explanatory power, and consequently, a more significant impact on the process of the employees’ commitment. The implications for theory and practice are discussed. © 2022 by the authors.
The restorative and regenerative ability of the circular economy has led to the rapid growth of this concept over the past decade, as it facilitates the broadly adopted principles of sustainable development and beyond, through restorative and regenerative actions. The water sector is poised to benefit from this transition, due to its intrinsic circularity and the resources it handles, predominantly found in wastewater, that are valuable and critical. Currently, the vast range of resource recovery technologies coupled with few industrial examples hinder strategic decision making. Resource recovery on a regional scale improves market share and mitigates investment risk, therefore, a structured approach has been developed for the selection of priority technologies to act as a guide for strategic planning. A representative UK wastewater model acts as the baseline, with multi-criteria analysis used to select resources and create an enhanced resource recovery scenario. It was found that implementing the recovery of 5 ‘priority resources’ (and technology pathways) increased nitrogen and phosphorus recovery by 68% and 71%, respectively. Lastly, the need for a cross-cutting approach for the holistic assessment of circular solutions is discussed. © 2022
Purpose: Management is constantly looking for ways to show how exactly the competitive advantage can be enhanced to achieve the desired results. As such, control mechanisms that are designed to ensure that the desired results are achieved play an important part in the successful implementation of a business strategy, which is why, in this study, the authors analyze how formal and informal control levels are deduced from the marketing decisions that operationalize the organizational strategy. Design/methodology/approach: The authors conducted a cross-section survey among 301 marketing managers. To determine which types of strategies are prevalent, the authors performed a hierarchical cluster analysis using the IBM SPSS Statistics 24 software and then constructed an ANOVA table to see whether there are differences in the characteristics of the different clusters. To determine the configuration of marketing control across strategy typologies, the authors conducted a mean difference test, aligning marketing control mechanisms with the strategies under study, significantly changing the intensity levels from one to another. Findings: It is worth emphasizing that higher levels of control are related to prospector strategic business units (SBUs) and that informal control was significantly more prevalent than formal control for all the strategy typologies the authors' studied. Originality/value: This research provides empirical evidence to gain a better understanding of the role marketing decisions play on formal and informal control mechanisms. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Knowledge-Intensive Firms are a relevant research and practice field because there is much interest in factors promoting their competitiveness. Scholarly literature has noted that organizational culture is a resource is related to the achievement of competitive advantages. Nevertheless, organizational culture at Knowledge-Intensive Firms, has been scarcely analyzed regarding how it is configured and what effects it has. To explain how organizational culture at HarvestPlus, as a Knowledge-Intensive Firm, becomes a distinctive competency, a qualitative study case study design was developed. The results indicate that the predominant culture is adhocratic, it has evolved according to the different HarvestPlus phases and is a sustainable distinctive competence due to it is valuable, difficult to imitate and therefore unique. This research will be useful for scholars and practitioners of this type of organization to understand the usefulness of coordinating and integrating the organizational culture, to leadership behaviors, human resources practices and strategic alliances management, to create strategic resources, as HarvestPlus has done. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Vilnius Gediminas Technical University.
Rainstorm disasters have had a serious impact on the sustainable development of society and the economy. However, due to the complexity of rainstorm disasters, it is difficult to measure the importance of each indicator. In this paper, the rainstorm disaster risk assessment framework was systematically proposed based on the disaster system theory and a system of corresponding indicators was established. Furthermore, the genetic algorithm optimized projection pursuit and XGBoost were coupled to assess the rainstorm disaster risk and to measure the relative importance of each indicator. Finally, the Yangtze River Delta was taken as the case study area. The results show that: the rainstorm disaster risk in the eastern and southeast is higher than those in the central and northwest of the Yangtze River Delta; the total precipitation from June to September and the top ten indicators contribute 9.34% and 74.20% to the rainstorm disaster risk assessment results, respectively. The results can provide references for decision makers and are helpful for the formulation of rainstorm adaptation strategies. © 2022 by the authors.
This study proposes a novel approach to forecast a transhipment port's competitiveness on the basis of market share. The potential reasons for escalating or diminishing competitiveness are explored by utilising a multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) methodology. We assess the competitiveness of transhipment ports by seven major components: connectivity, port facility, efficiency, cost factor, policy and management, information systems and green port management, and contribute to the understanding of the interdependence among the components. We investigate the Bangladesh container market due to the uniqueness of its regional context and dimensions of competitiveness. Bangladesh has direct connections to four regional hubs, namely, Singapore, Colombo, Port Klang and Tanjung Pelepas. These regional hubs compete to grasp a significant volume of container movements in line with the rapid growth of Bangladesh's industrialisation and national economy. We find that Singapore outperforms others in terms of competitiveness, but all ports perform below expectations in green port management practices. These findings would benefit port authorities for improving their competitiveness, and liner shipping companies and shippers in making strategic port choice decisions. © 2021 The Author(s)
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to identify the determinants that could impact corporate digital entrepreneurship for the small and medium enterprises (SMEs) of India. The study also investigates the moderating role that adopting artificial intelligence (AI)-customer relationship management (CRM) capability and strategic planning has in corporate digital entrepreneurship. Design/methodology/approach: With the inputs from literature and theories, a model has been developed conceptually. The model has been validated by partial least squares structural equation modeling technique with consideration of 315 usable respondents. The effects of the moderators have also been investigated by multigroup analysis. Findings: The study highlights that perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and willingness to change significantly impact corporate digital entrepreneurship for the SMEs of India. The study also highlights that the two moderators have significant impacts on the relationships between corporate digital entrepreneurship and its predictors. Research limitations/implications: This study has developed a unique model, which provides effective inputs to the entrepreneurs of SMEs of emerging economies. These inputs will help entrepreneurs to frame their policies to improve the existing traditional practices and processes that could be transformed into more digitalization for improving efficiency of their corporate digital entrepreneurial activities. Originality/value: There are no studies which investigated how perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use and willingness to change could impact corporate digital entrepreneurship with the moderating effects of adoption of AI-CRM capability and strategic planning, as concerns SMEs of emerging economies. In this regard, this study is deemed to be a unique attempt. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Despite growing research on public attributions of crisis responsibility, little is known about the role of perceived social distance to organizations in conjunction with crisis severity and crisis response strategies. Applying construal level theory (CLT) to the crisis communication context, we examined the role of the construal fit between social distance, crisis severity, and crisis response strategy in determining crisis responsibility, negative word-of-mouth (WOM) intentions, and anger. A two (social distance to a crisis: close vs. distant) × two (crisis response strategy: defensive vs. accommodating) × two (crisis severity: low vs. high) between-subjects experiment revealed two interaction effects: (1) the interaction effect of social distance and crisis response strategy on anger and negative WOM and (2) the interaction effect of social distance and crisis severity on negative WOM. No interaction effects emerged with respect to crisis responsibility. We discuss the theoretical contribution of this study’s results—namely, how social distance to a crisis impacts public reactions to crisis response strategies. We also outline the practical implications for achieving a better construal fit between social distance and crisis response strategy for effective crisis communication, which may serve as an opportunity for sustainable corporate management. © 2022 by the authors.
Very drastic environmental changes require the development of an adaptive performance management framework that supports the strengths of the company’s structure. The position of internal CSR as a resource that can solve performance problems needs to be proved. The purpose of the study was to analyze the effect of internal corporate social responsibility on job performance through employee well-being. To this end, this causal study surveyed 282 non-managerial employees at four strategic industrial state-owned enterprises in Indonesia. The respondents were recruited using the proportional random sampling technique. The collected data were analyzed using SEM with SPSS 26. The results showed that changes in job performance can be predicted by the adequacy of work resources and personal resources. Both resources can be realized by the existence of corporate social responsibility intended for employees. Internal corporate social responsibility was found to encourage increased work engagement and decrease burnout, which ultimately improves job performance. Internal CSR is an important personal and work resource for employees. Internal CSR is the company’s main orientation in an effort to strengthen the company’s performance structure while ensuring the implementation of the company’s ethical responsibility in its environment. From the theoretical perspective, this study implied the need for exploring the concept of internal corporate social responsibility to expand our understanding of the relationship between corporate social responsibility and personal and work resources and employee performance. Meanwhile, the practical implications of this study highlight the importance of microlevel corporate social responsibility programs to meet personal and work resource needs so that companies benefit from high employee engagement and low burnout in order to improve adaptive performance and the structure of the company’s performance. © 2022 by the authors.
High-density human activities have rapidly changed the pattern of urban land use/land cover (LULC), affecting the supply of urban ecosystem services (ESs). This poses a challenge to the balance of urban development and ecological protection, which may be more serious in ecologically fragile regions. This study identified key LULC change (LULCC) impacts on ESs in Ordos, an ecologically fragile region in Northwest China. The urbanization process of Ordos will continue in 2030 under the business-as-usual scenario due to its strategic positioning in the National Energy Base of China. The future LULC simulation results showed that developed land in eastern Ordos will continue to expand in 2030, and more forest and grassland will appear in western Ordos as a result of ecological restoration. The results of the InVEST model in calculating four important ESs showed that the ES supply in the densely populated areas (eastern Ordos) has declined, and more attention must be given to natural vegetation protection in the urbanization process. Although carbon storage in the western region has increased due to afforestation, this also reduces the water yield supply, which may exacerbate the water shortage in Ordos. Supported by this framework, more sustainable urban land use management can be undertaken to balance the conflict between ecological protection and urbanization. This will contribute to regional ecological health and sustainable urban development. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Due to excessive industrialization, urbanization and rising level of pollutants, the water bodies are continuously exposed to diverse group of toxic pollutants whose concentration, chemical forms and bioavailability in the aqueous system are governed by natural geochemical cycles as well as human activities. Chemical form or species of these toxic compounds or heavy metals is governed by the prevailing specific physical and chemical parameters like pH, salinity, dissolved organics, hardness and sedimentary load which impacts their mobility, bio-availability and hence toxicity. To overcome the challenging situation, an increased emphasis has been given on in-situ innovative technologies like phytoremediation, capable of detoxification of contaminated water bodies. The use of inherent aquatic plants along with recent omics tools can improve their phytoremediation ability to a great extent. These plants have an extensive root system which can filter and immobilize sediments, contaminants, fertilizer and pesticide run-off thereby reducing water pollution. Thus, the assortment and improvement of plants phytoremediation ability using the modern biotechnological tools and techniques, can be a suitable approach for successful remediation of contaminated water bodies. This review article focuses on the different biotechnological strategems like omics, proteomics, genomics, metabolomics and CRISPR in order to ameliorate the phytoremediation potential of the aquatic plants. The recent ground-breaking advancements to achieve desired genetic modification uses, CRISPR technology, to transfer a target set of genes to be assimilated into the plant genome of interest. Two variants of this technology, i.e. CRISPR-Cas9 as well as CRISPR-Cpf1 can be used for producing knock-outs, making gene substitutions, and targeting transcription and its regulation in the particular plant genome, to improve its phytoremediation efficiency. © 2022 The Author(s)
Context: Agricultural landscapes across the southeastern US are typically managed with little consideration for landscape scale ecosystem function despite potential hazards and benefits from ecosystem processes. Enhanced landscape function from less-intensive use of less-productive, erosive soils within large cropland landscapes combined with buffer areas along natural drainage patterns are potential approaches to ameliorate recognized limitations of large-scale intensive crop production. Similar consideration of intensive plantation forestry approaches also provides opportunities for strategic land-use where less intensive use of lower producing sites across forest landscapes and harvest patterns may provide increased landscape function with only limited loss of production across the landscape. Objective: The objective was to characterize environmental shortcomings of production environments in the southeastern US and identify potential approaches to overcome these shortcomings along with identification of public policy and land-user approaches to enhance landscape function. Methods: Literature searches were used to identify publications contributing to characterization of the regional environment and effects of agricultural production on the environment. These results were assessed in relation to concepts and approaches of landscape ecology to identify potential opportunities to overcome shortcomings of current production approaches. Results: Mixtures of land use across the region occur as forests, croplands, and pastures providing opportunity for diverse landscapes contributing multiple benefits. Initial unsustainable, low-input crop production across much of the region, however, led to soil depletion across large areas of marginally productive soils. Extensive conversion of these areas to plantation forestry followed the initial unsustainable farming. Large-scale crop production was subsequently developed on the more productive soils with management focused on the production enterprises to provide the inputs required for high levels of production. Reductions in provisioning of some ecosystem services essential for sustainability have been identified as consequences of these systems. Repeated recommendations of multifunctional landscape approaches for sustainable production in various environments have occurred in the sustainability and landscape ecology literature, and these appear to be particularly relevant to production landscapes of the southeastern US. Conclusions: Management of many production environments in the southeastern US to address effects of crop production fields and forest plantations on overall function of production landscapes could increase production efficiency and substantially enhance environmental contributions such as improved water quality and enhanced wildlife habitat along with providing other potential benefits including additional production enterprises. Recognition of the concept of landscape function and the role of individual land managers in providing the components for multifunctional landscapes could lead to greater appreciation of individual land-use effects on the landscape. The matrix of production land uses across the region and the varied land capabilities to fit these land uses provide a framework for highly functional landscapes. USDA programs are in place to facilitate such landscape diversification with appropriate program direction. Development of such functional landscapes in the region could provide an example of effective land-sharing complementing land-sparing efforts rather than presenting a distinct dichotomy of competing approaches. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
The article examines the professional emotion management underlying prosecutors' work in court. Building on interviews and observations of forty-one prosecutors at five offices in Sweden, and drawing on sociological theories of emotion habituation, we analyze the emotion management necessary to perform frontstage (in court) professionalism as a prosecutor. We divide our analysis into three key dimensions of habituation: the feeling rules of confidence and mastering anxiety associated with an independent performance; the feeling rules of emotional distance and a balanced display associated with performing the objective party; and the playful and strategic improvisation of feeling rules associated with relaxed emotional presence. The routinization of feeling rules and the gradual backgrounding of related emotion management leads to habituation. Our findings enhance understanding of emotion management skills as part of tacit knowledge conveyed in the legal professions where emotion-talk and emotional reflexivity are little acknowledged. The article also contributes to the largely US-dominated previous research by adding a civil law perspective on prosecutorial emotion management.  ©
In this paper, a model and a set of indicators for evaluating the sustainability in swine supply chains are presented and discussed. Using the Delphi method, environmental, social and economic indicators were identified (namely environmental performance indicators to evaluate soil, water, air, energy and environmental practices; social performance indicators related to human capital and social interaction; and economic performance indicators that address labor remuneration and return on investment). Subsequently, the proposed sustainability assessment model was applied for validation purposes in three different companies belonging to the swine supply chain in the southern region of Brazil. This study differs from previous ones by focusing on the sustainability assessment of the upstream and downstream of the supply chain, which are responsible for significant impacts. The performance of the studied companies from the three triple bottom-line (TBL) dimensions is significantly different. Both negative and positive impacts were found to be related to most of the specific metrics. The economic dimension presented a better performance than the environmental and social ones. Furthermore, there was a predominance of negative impacts in the environmental dimension, in relation to the soil, water, air, and energy indicators. Thus, specific actions, strategies, and policies must be designed for the different companies towards an effective and comprehensive sustainability throughout the swine supply chain. The proposed model can be extended to other companies in the same supply chain, replicated in other livestock and agribusiness industries and supply chains (such as cattle and poultry), and it can be used in different locations and including additional indicators and metrics. © 2022 by the authors.
Despite the competitive advantages of sustainable business models, developing management solutions to systematically support sustainability integration into organizational strategy is still a challenging approach for most organizations. Based on a critical analysis of existing tools to support sustainable business models, the present paper describes the development of a practical management tool to guide the strategic integration of sustainability in organizational business models. The proposed management tool results from the synergistic combination of the Sustainable Value Exchange Matrix and the Integrative Sustainable Intelligence Model, in a cyclic and continuous process supported by the periodic diagnosis of the key organizational factors with relevance for successful sustainability integration processes. The management tool described in this paper is expected to guide the strategic adaptation of organizations toward results with a positive impact on sustainability, with an effective contribution to the development of more sustainable business models. © 2022 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Sugar cane, an extremely abundant agricultural resource, is a key feedstock for the sustainable production of biofuels and bioproducts. Although it is mainly grown for the production of sugar and first-generation ethanol, this grass is a privileged candidate to be processed in biorefineries. This study focuses on the use of mathematical programming to make strategic decisions in the sugar cane value chain. The design task is formulated as a mixed-integer linear model (MILP) that seeks to minimize the total cost of a network of processing, transportation, and storage instances, which include many different technologies and bioproducts. The capabilities of the proposed framework are illustrated through a case study based on four real-scaled scenarios in Argentina. The results show not only the optimal supply chain configuration for different demand patterns but also the technologies operating inside the biorefineries and the possibility of recycling resources. Given a set of specific real parameters, such as biomass availability, product demand, and unit costs, the model is a useful tool for establishing strategic policies in the fields of agribusiness and bioenergy. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
The influence of an unorganized sector or micro-retailers in the financial system and sustainable development are becoming highly significant in several countries. Regardless of the fact that such retailers are generally reliant on wholesalers for commerce, the consequences of mediators in green supply chain management have received little attention in the existing studies. A three-tier based green supply chain(GSC) is considered in this study which consists of a manufacturer, a wholesaler and a retailer. The purpose of this investigation is to provide a decision-making structure for the identification and useful implementation of sustainable products by making comparisons of member profits, greening levels, retail prices, and ecological impact under various game structures. A two-period system is introduced to analyze the three-game strategies, especially MS, WS, and RS games. Then a two-period centralized system was implemented. The best possible feasible solution is obtained by comparing the optimal decisions in each game structure and the centralized model. The overall profit of the supply chain and the level of the greening of the products are significantly more significant in the centralized system than in any other game structure. The supply chain members could indeed make compromises on their marginal profit goals to achieve sustainable development. The results may help the supply chain members to implement more sustainability initiatives. © 2022 The Authors
In Benin, as in most sub-Saharan African countries, people continue to rely primarily on low-productivity agriculture for livelihood and employment. Producers are faced with significant logistical challenges whilst managing their harvest. We empirically investigated the situation of the producers of maize and soybean in the department of Borgou. This research is aligned with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goal 2, zero hunger, and 12, sustainable consumption and production. Workshops brought together delegates from producer groups of the Borgou department, researchers in agronomy and management, rural development technicians from the non-governmental organization named Eclosio and the regional union of maize and soybean producers of Borgou-Alibori. The exchanges led to the development of a survey questionnaire. Then, direct and personal interviews was conducted with maize and soybean producers in their preferred language based on the questionnaire. The main objective of this paper is to support strategic choices towards a sustainable production of maize and soybean in the department of Borgou. Results show the need to finance agricultural campaigns, use warehouses, and have a transparent and trustworthy space for farmers and buyers to negotiate fair prices. © 2022 The Author(s)
Pioneering companies of radically new technological innovations often suffer from a slow uptake of their innovations and struggle to find the right introduction strategy. This paper aims to conceptualize a Technological Innovation System framework that can be applied to formulate and study niche introduction strategies from a company perspective. It combines insights from two literatures: the socio-technical systems literature and the innovation & strategic management literature. This results in a framework consisting of seven Technological Innovation System building blocks and seven influencing conditions that can influence the building blocks. The Technological Innovation System building blocks in the framework are: product performance and quality; product price; production system; complementary products and services; network formation and coordination; customers; and innovation-specific institutions. The influencing conditions in the framework are: knowledge and awareness of technology; knowledge and awareness of application and market; natural, human and financial resources; competition; macro-economic and strategic aspects; socio-cultural aspects; and accidents and events. The framework can help explore the context around an innovation during the early stages of Technological Innovation System formation and specify the scope, timing and type of niche introduction strategies that fit this context. This is illustrated with two cases: dual-clutch transmission technology and photovoltaic cells. © 2022 The Authors
Although emotions have been investigated within strategic management literature from an internal perspective, managers’ ability and willingness to understand consumers’ emotions, with emphasis on the retail sector, is still a scarcely explored theme in management research. The aim of this paper is to explore the match between the supply of new analytical tools and retail managers’ attitudes towards new tools to capture customers’ emotions. To this end, Study 1 uses machine learning algorithms to develop a new system to analytically detect emotional responses from customers’ static images (considering the exemplar emotions of happiness and sadness), whilst Study 2 consults management decision-makers to explore the practical utility of such emotion recognition systems, finding a likely demand for a number of applications, albeit tempered by concern for ethical issues. While contributing to the retail management literature with regard to customers’ emotions and big data analytics, the findings also provide a new framework to support retail managers in using new analytics to survive and thrive in difficult times. © 2021 British Academy of Management and Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Research in strategic management and organizational behavior has increasingly focused on understanding how organizations achieve and sustain performance in fast-changing environments. Strategy research has suggested that senior managers, through their decisions, influence capabilities at the organizational level. Organizational behavior research has suggested that teams, through engaging in learning within and across their boundaries, contribute to organizational-level capabilities. Only recently have researchers started to link the two sets of insights, exploring the idea that team learning plays a critical bridging role in how decisions by senior managers translate into organizational performance outcomes. This paper organizes these insights into a model of capability development focused on how different kinds of team learning routines may support organizational capabilities that create competitive advantage. The model introduces a strategic view of team learning, highlighting the ability of senior managers to shape team learning routines effectively as a critical skill because of its role in building organizational capabilities. We identify a lack of research in this area and suggest future directions to address it. © Academy of Management, all rights reserved.
Safety is a major worldwide concern due to the increasing number of fatalities of vulnerable road users (VRUs). VRUs are pedestrians, bicyclists, and motorcyclists, and their safety is a priority when making infrastructure management decisions. Traditionally, transportation agencies have adopted transportation asset management (TAM) practices based on performance measures to assess the physical condition of transport infrastructure. This paper describes a framework to incorporate VRU’s safety into the TAM decision-making process. The main objective of the VRU-TAM framework is to mitigate pedestrian fatalities by improving the decision-making process at the strategic and operational management level. The VRU-TAM framework is composed of four phases: assessment, prioritization, scenario analysis, and results. It includes a prioritization methodology using a safety-weighted effectiveness ratio (SWER) to consider pedestrian safety factors and costs in the decision-making process. In a broader perspective, pedestrian safety is affected by driver, demographic, pedestrian, infrastructure, and policy related factors. The decision-making criteria reflected in SWER considers the asset importance, location, pedestrian safety risk, costs, and remaining life in the budget allocation process, and adopts the dynamic bubble up (DBU) technique for budget prioritization at the network level. An example is presented for crosswalks to demonstrate the applicability of the methodology to evaluate different budget-driven scenarios for funding allocation. As a conclusion, it is demonstrated that the outcomes of the budget-driven scenarios following the method that incorporates safety criteria, with tangible metrics, offer a deeper understanding of the effects of budgetary constraints on backlog costs and the remaining life of infrastructure assets. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Green product R&D is a necessary measure for enterprises to achieve sustainable development. This paper studies the optimal selection strategy of green product R&D and the impact of price competition and green R&D cost on prices, green levels, and enterprise profits in the sustainable competitive supply chain. We establish manufacturer-led game models and compare the equilibrium results of green R&D strategies. The study found that three types of green product R&D strategies exist in competitive supply chains: neither conduct green product R&D (NN), only one supply chain conducts green product R&D (YN), and both conduct green product R&D (YY). Price competition intensity and green R&D cost have a negative impact on prices, green levels, and enterprise profits. Wholesale prices, retail prices, green levels, and enterprise profits are highest in YY strategy, but they are lowest in NN strategy. When one supply chain does not conduct green product R&D, the other supply chain will choose green product R&D only if the green R&D cost meets certain condition. When one supply chain conducts green product R&D, the optimal choice for the other supply chain is always to conduct green product R&D. For the optimal selection strategies, applying two-part pricing contracts achieve supply chain coordination. Our research results provide a reference for the strategic choice of green product R&D in competitive supply chains. © 2022 by the authors.
Firms sometimes have problems with their products or management systems: problems that can lead to catastrophic events. However, while workers in these firms are often aware of these problems, they sometimes fail to report them to their superiors. This paper examines workers' incentives for concealing problems within an overlapping generations organization consisting of a subordinate and a manager. The results reveal that concealment exhibits strategic complementarity across different generations, which can lead to multiple equilibria. Further, imposing punishment and rewards on managers may paradoxically increase the motivation for concealment  © The Author(s) 2021.
Rapid urbanization, deforestation and disaster management system exacerbated the risk of flooding in Thailand. In 2011, Thailand had learned the lessons from its experience of the mega flood disaster that point to the requirement of better solutions to reduce damage to property and human life. This article presents the Strategic Environmental Assessment (SEA) and Flood Management Framework (SEAFMF) in the existing flood management plan. This study aims to investigate how SEA can be integrated into Thailand's flood management plan using an appropriate flood management framework. The methodology includes content analysis of qualitative and quantitative data based on a review of existing research, interviews with relevant organizations, and focus group discussions. The results show that the strategic environmental assessment approach can be used in decision making regarding the adaptation framework. As the pilot case, is a partially integrated model, more effective SEA should be completely done by establishing the appropriate legal framework and authority to directly responsible. The results could provide example of integration SEA into FMP, adaptation to climate change, and disaster management for other areas. © 2022 WITPress. All rights reserved.
The World Health Organisation predicts a lack of 15 million health professionals by 2030. The lack of licenced professionals is a problem that keeps emerging and is carefully studied on a global level. Strategic objectives aimed at stimulating employment, improving working conditions, and keeping the nurses on board greatly depends on identifying factors that contribute to their turnover. The aim of this study was to present a conceptual model based on predictors of nurses’ turnover intention. Methods: A quantitative, non-experimental research design was used. A total of 308 registered nurses (RNs) took part in the study. The Multidimensional Work Motivation Scale (MWMS) and Practice Environment Scale of the Nursing Work Index (PES-NWI) were used. Results: The conceptual model, based on the binary regression models, relies on two direct significant predictors and four indirect significant predictors of turnover intention. The direct predictors are job satisfaction (OR = 0.23) and absenteeism (OR = 2.5). Indirect predictors that affect turnover intention via job satisfaction are: amotivation (OR = 0.59), identified regulation (OR = 0.54), intrinsic motivation (OR = 1.67), and nurse manager ability, leadership and support of nurses (OR = 1.51). Conclusions: The results of the study indicate strategic issues that need to be addressed to retain the nursing workforce. There is a need to ensure positive perceptions and support from managers, maintain intrinsic motivation, and promote even higher levels of motivation to achieve satisfactory levels of job satisfaction. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Achieving transparency of the social and environmental impacts of industrial production poses significant obstacles for companies operating in complex global supply chains. They often do not possess sufficient information of other actors, especially at lower tiers in the supply chain. In recent years, data collection and information exchange in industry has been increasingly assisted by digital technologies, coining the term Industry 4.0. However, it remains largely unknown how companies try to foster transparency in their supply chains and how digital technologies are utilized for this purpose. In this study, we employ a qualitative, interview-based approach from both buyers’ and suppliers’ perspectives to investigate practices of supplier sustainability assessments in the electronics industry as well as their current and envisioned utilization of digital technologies. With regard to the exchange of sustainability-related information, we find that buying firms do not consistently check for the availability of digital interfaces to suppliers. Systematic and well-structured collection of such data is rare in suppliers, relying on manual self-assessments and lacking the means of automated data collection. This poses difficulties for buying firms to ensure validity of sustainability performance claims, highlighted by the fact that not all buying firms analyze suppliers’ self-assessments. To overcome such issues, ongoing industry-wide efforts of standardizing sustainability requirements should be extended to include strategic considerations of streamlining technology implementation to enhance data availability and validity. © 2022 The Authors
Strategic management is becoming increasingly important for sustainable management in healthcare. The reasons for this can be seen in the increasing complexity, dynamics and uncertainty of the system’s regimes and the resulting need for strategic thinking in a long-term period. The scientific discussion of this issue is the aim of the present analytical framework. The starting point is the definition of the term strategic management itself, followed by a reflection on the requirements resulting from the changes in the political, social and economic value systems of our post-industrial society. In this context, Dynaxity Zone III is used to explain the long-term perspective, the high levels of complexity and uncertainty and the responsibility of strategic management as important parameters. For a practical illustration, we demonstrate two selected applications (German hospital financing systems and development process of implants) and how the implementation of strategic management in the health care system shows success. © 2022 by the authors.
Supply chain integration (SCI) is a strategic process management technique that may be used to boost an organization's performance and thereby gain a competitive edge. The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate both the direct effect of (SCI) on manufacturing firms' operational performance and the moderating effect of knowledge management (KM) on the relationship between supplier integration (SI), customer integration (CI), internal integration (II), and operational performance (OP). The study analyzed survey data from 277 Jordanian manufacturing and industrial businesses using the PLS–Structural Equation method. According to the data, (CI), (II), and (SI) are all positively and significantly associated with operational success. (CI), (II), and (SI) all have a strong and beneficial moderate relationship with (OP). There is, however, no connection between (KM) and (OP). Furthermore, further research may be conducted to assess the applicability of the findings from this study to other populations of varied sizes in other countries. A long-term study that tracks the growth of different measures might provide further insight on the relationship between SCI and OP. © 2022 NSP. Natural Sciences Publishing Cor.
Grain is not only the basic living materials of urban and rural residents, but an important strategic resource related to the national security. Therefore, grain security is an important aspect of national security. Farmers' willingness to grow grain is the key factor to guarantee food security. Based on the structural equation model, the main factors that influence the farmers' willingness to grow grain were studied in this paper by investigating 486 dispersed farmers in six counties (cities, districts) of three prefecture-level cities in Shandong Province. The study indicated that aside from the difficulty of measuring the influence of personal characteristic factors, the national grain subsidy policies, grain price, grain planting scale, other farmers' production behaviors, and promotion of agricultural technology affected the farmers' willingness to grow grain in varying degrees. Further regional multi-group analyses demonstrated that the farmers' willingness to grow grain showed an increasing trend from east to west in Shandong Province. Additionally, grain subsidy policies and family characteristic factors had obvious regional differences on the farmers' willingness to grow grain. Therefore, optimizing and improving the national grain subsidy policies, encouraging the management of a moderate scale, stabilizing prices of grain, increasing the propaganda of agricultural information and promoting agricultural technology were the key factors to increase the farmers' willingness to grow grain. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Oil production and consumption is of great importance for the sustainable development and management of energy and environment. The forecasting of oil imports dependence caused by the gap between production and consumption is particularly crucial in the strategic deployment of oil development. However, researches on oil import dependence forecasting are often limited by the small size of data samples and assumptions, and the previous single-objective optimization algorithms only focus on the improvement of forecasting accuracy but ignore the stability. Therefore, in order to overcome the shortcomings of researches, in this paper, a hybrid forecasting system for oil imports dependence forecasting based on fuzzy time series and multi-objective optimization algorithm is proposed considering the accuracy and stability simultaneously to achieve the balance and optimality and bridge the limitations of small sample forecasting. The proposed forecasting system is compared with other small sample forecasting models and the fuzzy times series model with traditional interval partition methods. The results show that the proposed system is superior to the traditional methods in all indicators for oil import dependence forecasting. Otherwise, the out of sample forecasting results provided in our research indicate that the oil import dependence will maintain an upward trend, but the rate of increase will slow down. The research results can not only provide the basis for the planning and control of oil import and safety, but also benefit the perceptions of oil price trend in the world energy market and the adjustment of energy market structure. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
A spatial multiple criteria evaluation analysis (SMCE) was undertaken using GIS and remote sensing techniques with spatial datasets to identify the geo-environmental values for a watershed in central India. All the geo-environmental values were estimated based on this dataset for the development of an ecological system. We have investigated the resources of an environmental status of the region using this methodology. A set of ten natural resource parameters were evaluated using a combination of remote sensing information, GIS technologies and field data, which has significance in regional geo-environment sustainability. An integrated geo-environmental potential index (GPI) has been calculated and the same is used further to derived the final geo-environmental potential map (GEPM) illustrating four classes of geo-environmental resources, i.e., high, moderate, low, and poor. The geo-environmental quality map overall shows a high level of geo-environmental resources in the maximum area (48.30%). The results of study area are significant for identifying the protection, conservation, and planning management strategies that would be needed to protect the geo-environmental values of the river basin area. The geo-environmental potential zones that were identified are potentially manageable using conservation techniques. The work amply proves the applicability of RS, GIS, and SMCE techniques in the natural resource evaluation procedure. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: This paper aims to represent an exploration of drivers of workforce agility under the lens of dynamic capabilities to advance the existing workforce literature on agility and strategic human resource management. Design/methodology/approach: In-depth qualitative interviews with senior information technology professionals, managers, directors and leadership were conducted. Data coding and analysis followed the Gioia methodology to develop a theoretical framework. Findings: The theoretical paradigm of workforce agility is seeing revisions. In the past it was solely connected to resource-based view theory, current literature superficially speaks of the link with dynamic capability but lacks comprehensive and strategic understanding. The research brings in the evolutionary change by viewing workforce agility directly under the lens of dynamic capability theory and recognizes workforce agility as a high-level strategy. Based on the analysis of the qualitative interviews this study has developed a conceptual heuristic of workforce agility drivers, interlinked with dynamic capabilities micro-foundations – “sensing”, “seizing”, and “continual renewal”. This paper conceptualizes workforce agility as a response to high pressures for the dynamic capability of the company, which requires reconfiguration and redeployment of external and internal human resources and an inherent need to bring some stability to the internal resources of the company. Originality/value: There is a growing body of literature linking organizational agility with dynamic capabilities, which overlooks workforce agility. This study is theory-based research on workforce agility, which guides practitioners in making human resource processes more agile. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Assessing the spatiotemporal dynamics of land use land cover (LULC) change on water resources is vital for watershed sustainability and developing proper management strategies. Evaluating LULC scenarios synergistically with hydrologic modeling affords substantial evidence of factors that govern hydrologic processes. Hence, this study assessed the spatiotemporal effects and implications of LULC dynamics on groundwater recharge and surface runoff in Gilgel Gibe, an East African watershed, using the Soil and Water Assessment Tool (SWAT) model. Three different LULC maps (2000, 2010, and 2020) were derived from Landsat images, and the comparisons pointed out that the land‐use pattern had changed significantly. The agricultural land and grass-land cover increased by 3.76% and 1.36%, respectively, from 2000 to 2020. The implications ac-quired for 2000 show that forested land covers decreased by 5.49% in 2020. The SWAT simulation process was executed using a digital elevation model, soil, LULC, and weather data. The model was calibrated and validated using streamflow data to understand the surface runoff and groundwater recharge responses of each HRU on reference simulation periods using the Calibration and Uncertainty Program (SWAT‐CUP), Sequential Uncertainty Fitting (SUFI‐2) algorithm. The observed and simulated streamflows were checked for performance indices of coefficient of determination (R2), Nash–Sutcliffe model efficiency (NSE), and percent bias (PBIAS) on monthly time steps. The results show that there is good agreement for all LULC simulations, both calibration and validation periods (R2 & NSE ≥ 0.84, −15 < PBIAS < +15). This reveals that for the LULC assessment of any hydrological modeling, the simulation of each reference period should be calibrated to have reasonable outputs. The study indicated that surface runoff has increased while groundwater decreased over the last two decades. The temporal variation revealed that the highest recharge and runoff occurred during the wet seasons. Thus, the study can support maximizing water management strategies and reducing adverse driving environmental forces. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The formation of global norms that affect work is a crucial element to how multinational companies (MNCs) achieve a degree of HR integration internationally. We establish a ‘strategic action fields’ framework to guide research into global norm-making in MNCs in general and for analysing the work of those that we term ‘globalising actors’—those who are active in globalising a firm's management of its human resources—in particular. We position our framework with relation to existing research in international human resource management, and show how the field can benefit from achieving an approach to global norm-making that is contextualised, personalised and contested. © 2021 The Authors. Human Resource Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Advocates of stakeholder theory have long known that grasping its key insights requires a specific worldview that is, unfortunately, still not prevalent within the community of strategic management scholars. We argue that this worldview encompasses a process ontology that is radically different from the substance-ontological outlook typical of the mainstream approaches to strategic management. The unquestioned commitment of strategic management scholarship to a substance ontology leads to the viewing of corporations as macro-entities comprising aggregations of discrete autonomous actors each relying on individual choice and instrumental rationality. In contrast, within a process-ontological worldview, corporations and their stakeholders are seen to be sustained and attenuated through social practices and relationships involving interlocking chains of coping actions taken in everyday interactions. We show that adopting a process-ontological worldview presents a much-needed step that may help strategic management scholars reach a better understanding of how stakeholder theory deals with three problems of today's capitalism, those value creation and trade, ethics of capitalism, and managerial mindsets. On this basis, we discuss how to process ontology may lead stakeholder theory to further refine its understanding of business strategy, corporate social responsibility, and the common ground between the firm and stakeholders. © 2022 The Authors. Business Ethics, the Environment & Responsibility published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
One of the important goals of the EU is to ensure a secure, sustainable, and competitive energy system that is less dependent on external energy supply. Greater independence is planned to be achieved by diversifying energy sources, as well as investing in renewables and energy efficiency. One of the mechanisms is the demand response (DR) that provides a high level of energy independence for the consumer. In this paper, we explore perspectives of the development of DR with a mediating effect of the independent aggregators from an EU member state standpoint. We use a hybrid research methodology that combines instruments of strategic analysis, i.e., PESTLE framework and SWOT analysis, along with the integrated risk management framework in order to identify, evaluate and rank prominent risks to which this initiative is exposed. Interdependencies between the identified risk factors are also included and efficient mitigation measures are proposed. The findings of this exploratory research are aimed at developing the policies and strategies for the aggregators’ development in the medium term. The most emphasized risks detected in analysis are the investment risk, the legal risk, the risk of substitute technologies, the consumer behavior risk, the risk of opportunistic behavior and the risk of entry barriers. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: Enterprises are increasingly taking actionable steps to transform existing business models through digital technologies for service transformation such as big data analytics (BDA). BDA capabilities offer financial institutions to source financial data, analyse data, insight and store such data and information on collaborative platforms for a quick decision-making process. Accordingly, this study identifies how BDA capabilities can be deployed to provide significant improvement for financial services agility. Design/methodology/approach: The study relied on survey data from 485 banking professionals' perspectives with BDA usage, IT capability development and financial service agility. The PLS-SEM technique was used to evaluate the underlying relationship and the applicability of the research framework proposed. Findings: Based on the empirical test from this study, distinctive BDA usage grounded on the concept of IT capability viewpoint proof that financial service agility could be enhanced provided enterprises develop technical capabilities alongside other relevant resources. Practical implications: The study further highlights the need for financial service managers to identify BDA technologies such as data mining, query and reporting, data visualisation, predictive modelling, streaming analytics, video analytics and voice analytics to focus on financial knowledge gathering and market observation. Financial managers can also deploy BDA tools to develop a strategic road map for data management, data transferability and knowledge discovery for customised financial products. Originality/value: This study is a useful contribution to the burgeoning discussion with emerging technologies such as BDA implication to improving enterprises operations. © 2021, Abeeku Sam Sam Edu.
This paper examines the relationship between patenting and formal standardization participation. We review the existing literature on the motivations and barriers to patenting and participation in formal standardization. Based on conceptual considerations derived in the literature review, propositions regarding the relations between patenting and standardization motives and barriers are derived. The empirical analysis is based on a sample of German firms being active in patenting or standardization, with more than half doing both. In general, the motives, as well as the barriers to patenting, are closely related to those in standardization. Firms use the two complementary instruments to promote cooperation as well as strategies to meet competitive goals. Related to the barriers, both strategies suffer both from internally and externally determined resource barriers. Finally, recommendations for firms’ patenting and standardization management are derived. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are one of the engines for inclusive economic growth. Yet little is known about the contribution of human resource management (HRM) practices to the success of SMEs. This study empirically examines how HRM practices determine different categories of innovation of SMEs in the context of a transition economy. Using a longitudinal dataset and applying the instrumental variable methodology to correct for endogeneity problems, our study uncovers that HRM practices positively affect the quality of employed human and physical capital assets of SMEs. More importantly, we find that that HRM practices significantly contribute to the launch of new products and improvement of existing products. In addition, we also find that the adoption of HRM practices facilitate labour productivity and value added. Taken together, these findings highlight that HRM practices are a strategic resource for innovation and development of SMEs in transition economies by rewarding them with higher-quality capital assets. JEL: L25, O15, O31. © 2022 Sage Publications India Pvt. Ltd.
This research demonstrates how collaborative feedback and resource investments in supply chain management and logistics-based partnerships influence the establishment of inter-firm collaboration, and ultimately, focal firm logistics service performance. We employ a two-stage collaboration model grounded in Service-Dominant logic and supported by empirical findings from supply chain managers. This answers calls for research addressing how information and collaboration co-create value in service ecosystems. The study further explores the conditional effects of commitment to learning, an operant resource aiding in collaboration capitalization. Accordingly, this study contributes to Service-Dominant logic, supply chain management and logistics, and service strategy literatures by successfully demonstrating that various partnership investments in and dialogical exchanges with partners enhance collaborative, value co-creation processes resulting in mutually-beneficial strategic advantages. The findings are particularly relevant given recent global supply disruptions that mandate more resilient supply chains. © 2022
Strategic Environmental Assessment (SEA) is one of the most important instruments for directing the strategic planning process toward the sustainable development goals in various areas of human activity. This also applies to the field of waste management. By applying SEA in waste management planning, it is possible to see the benefits and consequences of the proposed changes in space that will occur during the implementation of strategic planning concepts and based on that make appropriate decisions respecting the capacity of the space where the planned activities are implemented. The paper presents the application of SEA for the National Waste Management Program with all its spatial, organizational, energy, environmental, and other solutions, and the way they are included in the specific method of multicriteria evaluation in SEA. The specificity of the methodological approach indicates the need for equal consideration of environmental and socio-economic aspects of development and a clear presentation of the results obtained in order to make optimal decisions in waste management planning at the national level. The National Waste Management Program in Serbia, which legislation in the field of environmental protection and waste management is harmonized with EU legislation and directives, was chosen for the case study. The obtained results indicate the importance of an interdisciplinary approach in the evaluation of strategic solutions in the field of waste management, which is achieved by specific choice of environmental and socio-economic SEA goals and indicators as a basis for valorization of the proposed concept of waste management. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Research Summary: We present a framework for theory-based learning and experimentation under uncertainty. Strategists' assumptions about how an envisioned future can be reached are likely incomplete and possibly wrong, for instance, if critical contingencies have been overlooked. We explain how strategists can learn from thinking about and testing necessary conditions for an envisioned future to materialize. By logically linking assumptions to consequences our framework allows drawing inferences from experiments with testable assumptions about elements of a strategy that cannot be tested without major investments. Our framework contains the first formal model of learning from arguments in the strategy literature. By using our framework, strategists can maintain focus on an envisioned future while at the same time systematically seeking out reasons and evidence for why they are wrong. Managerial Summary: We develop a framework that helps strategists to learn and understand what it takes to reach ambitious goals when there is substantial uncertainty. We ask strategists to formulate their assumptions as a theory: what needs to be true for their goal to materialize. Our framework enables strategists to scrutinize and improve their assumptions by raising objections against their theory and by pointing them to critical experiments to learn whether their assumptions hold. Using our results, strategists can in particular identify overlooked critical contingencies. Overall, we suggest how strategists should revise their beliefs about what it takes to be successful in the light of evidence and arguments for and against their strategy. © 2022 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: Many developing countries such as South Africa have been introducing measurement of results to improve public service delivery. The practice of development of performance measures in the public service emanates from pressure exerted by citizens who are calling for more efficiency and effectiveness in delivering services. This article examines the implementation of the audit of pre-determined objectives at the Department of Basic Education (DBE). Design/methodology/approach: This study is based on a qualitative case study approach. Secondary sources of data were used in order to analyse the DBE's challenges in managing performance information. Key secondary documents used include the AGSA annual audit reports as well as the DBE 2010/11–2014/15 Strategic Plan and Annual Performance Plans (APP) that provide the pre-determined objectives selected by the Department to measure performance for the five-year period. Findings: The findings indicate that there are shortcomings in the processes of managing performance information. Based on the findings, it is incumbent upon the senior management of the DBE to strive towards understanding and improving their oversight roles and responsibilities in the management of pre-determined objectives. Originality/value: The study generates a deeper understanding of what has been happening when pre-determined objectives were developed, reported or assessed in the DBE. This will assist the Department and similar public institutions to make further improvements in order to achieve pre-determined objectives. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This paper describes the decision support approach used in the development process of the S Group's Prisma hypermarket chain in Finland. The management was looking for a new and sustainable operating model for the rapidly growing chain, and contacted the author to consult in the process. Fierce competition forced the search for new business ideas, tools and methods that would provide a clear competitive advantage. To find new perspectives, we decided to use statistical approaches and various decision support system options, such as multi-criteria modelling. A database was available for research and analysis, including data on purchasing behavior and key performance indicators (KPI). The approach had to take into account the role and impact of customers. It was highly important to include customer behavior in the analysis using shopping basket data. Shopping basket data was central in the current paper. From these, an observation matrix was created combining shopping basket data, product data and customer background information. Using multivariate methods, customer groupings and profiles were created with the data from the observation matrix. Using the customer profile and KPI data, a multi-criteria decision support system was produced to support strategic planning. The decision support system (DSS) model was created together with a market chain operational expert and an external methodological expert. We used the VIG software package developed by Korhonen (Belg J Oper Res Stat Comput Sci 27(3):15, 1987) to solve the problem because it is easy to use and requires no prior knowledge of computers or multi-objective linear programming models. Pareto Race plays a central role in the VIG system. The chain expert easily learned how to use and work with the model. The results were immediately visible and could be used to examine alternatives and assess their appropriateness. It was decided to present five different scenarios to the hypermarket chain management. The main objective of the development process was to develop a strategy that would provide the Prisma hypermarket chain with a long-term competitive advantage. Various models were developed and used to support the strategy work by analysing and exploring the data collected, prioritising and selecting decision options. Two currently retired managers (Mönkkönen, S Group, the chain manager, Prisma chain, Interview 02.06.2021, 2021), who were involved in the development process, rated the strategy process as very successful and the modelling carried out during the process significantly supported decision-making. The immediate help of DSS modelling for decision making comes from being able to provide decision makers with reasonable, better solution options to support their decision making. The final impact of decisions could be evaluated after a longer period of time, which in the case of the Prisma development project results means several comparable financial years. Finland suffered exceptionally badly from the financial crisis and the global economic downturn in 2008–2009. The Prisma chain has survived the periods and crises described above without any loss-making years, and the whole chain has grown from 16 units in 1992 to 68 units in 2020. © 2021, The Author(s).
Research undertaken has reported profound differences in the studying practices of students across the globe. This research has ascribed difference to cultural dimension theory and the idea that there are clear differences in the way that certain societies approach teaching and learning. Cultural dimension theory has contributed to the bifurcation of learning into convenient classifications. ‘Asian’ practices have been described as excessively teacher-centred and preoccupied with knowledge transmission, whereas teaching and learning in western societies is portrayed as being more student-centred and knowledge creation. The purpose of this article is to test these generalizations through empirical research with reference to Sri Lankan students enrolled onto a blended degree in Business and Management. The principal research question for this research is as follows: In what ways do national culture influence study behaviours of Sri Lankan management students? The findings suggest that instead of accepting stereotypes of students, we should search for a deeper understanding of how, as individuals, contemporary students learn. © 2022 The Kerala State Higher Education Council.
From the mid-1990s onwards, the concept of competitiveness was introduced to firms at the level of countries, regions, and cities. It was used as an index of the success and superiority of places. The present study used quantitative (survey) and qualitative methods in the framework of the exploratory paradigm to achieve key driving variables affecting the competitiveness of Kermanshah. The present study was applied in terms of its purpose and descriptive–analytical nature and research method. The study’s statistical population consisted of experts related to the Kermanshah competitiveness index, which studied 30 experts using the snowball method. MICMAC software was used to analyze the research data. Findings indicated that out of a total of 54 variables affecting the competitiveness of Kermanshah, 11 variables were in this group, which were the role of Kermanshah city in the power structure (MIN1); geographical and strategic location (MIN4); national, regional, and local plans (MIN5); management (MIN6); clean and healthy air (ENV1); potential sources of soil and water (ENV2); security of space (SEC2); the agricultural sector (ECO7); domestic tourism (ECO16); foreign tourism (ECO17); and sustainable sources of income (ECO19). The final model of Kermanshah’s future competitiveness will be that in the first stage, if the government (administration and government structure), in the form of national, regional, and local programs, pays attention to the competitive advantages of places. Especially, in large cities, and eliminating regional inequalities and in the next stage, local government (officials, managers, and all planners as the executive department) will need to act in order to operationalize the competitiveness of the city. With the correct use of opportunities and potentials (economic, socio-cultural, environmental, and security), in the 20-year horizon, Kermanshah will be a city with national and even transnational competitiveness. Otherwise, in addition to burning opportunities and destroying the capabilities of Kermanshah, other places adjacent to Kermanshah province will gradually be involved in challenges; tensions; and economic, cultural, social, environmental, security, and other crises. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Tungsten is one strategic metal with diverse applications ranging from military, infrastructure to chemical industry. China is the biggest tungsten supplier and consumer in the world, but few studies focus on the domestic tungsten supply and demand. By conducting a hybrid dynamic substance flow analysis, this study investigates China's tungsten flow patterns from 2001 to 2019. Various flows (transformation, loss, trade and recycling flows) and stocks are explored, covering all the relevant aspects of tungsten extraction, production, consumption, trade and waste management. Results present that China had extracted around 1344 metric kilo-tons (kt) tungsten ores from earth crust, consumed 634 kt domestically and exported 381 kt to other countries during the study period. Key findings include: 1) unstable production capacity had led to 136.16 kt of tungsten surplus during the study period; 2) 309 kt of tungsten were lost in tailings due to inefficient mining and beneficiation technologies; 3) domestic industry upgrade and rapid economic development induced dynamic changes of tungsten trade structure in China; 4) only 17.72% of end-of-life (EoL) products had been recycled during the study period. Finally, policy recommendations are raised to improve the overall tungsten resource efficiency from governance, economic instruments and technology perspectives. © 2022
Understanding the condition of natural resources in protected areas is fundamental to their management and preservation. Long-term monitoring can provide crucial data for managers to prioritize management actions and subsequently determine their effectiveness. In five national park units in the eastern United States, the National Park Service Inventory and Monitoring Program monitors rare riverscour communities - open habitats in which sun-loving plants grow over rocky substrates along high-gradient streams. Based on a decade of monitoring experience, we present recommendations for monitoring riverscour communities including sampling methodology, data collection methods, and subsequent management actions. Given increasing stressors from changing climate, invasive species, and altered hydrology, understanding how riverscour communities are changing is increasingly important to their protection. © 2022 Natural Areas Association. All rights reserved.
Supply chain resilience (SCR) is imperative for operation and performance continuity in the presence of disruptions. One of the important SCR capabilities is end-to-end visibility which can be supported by Blockchain technology in facilitating transparency, traceability, and trust in using data and information. Meanwhile, Blockchain can change and enhance the existing efficiency- and novelty-oriented business model design (BMD). However, the impact of Blockchain-supported BMD on SCR and firm performance has not been investigated so far. This study fills this research gap and empirically examines the relationships among BMD, SCR, and firm performance with consideration of Blockchain technology and using data collected from Chinese firms. Our findings contribute to the literature by revealing the antecedents of SCR and its mediating role between Blockchain-enabled BMD and firm performance. We also provide insights into enhancing SCR in light of the Blockchain-supported BMD. Our research offers several important findings. We demonstrate that companies with high strategic emphasis on BM efficiency can achieve higher firm performance and SCR through Blockchain usage than those without such a focus. This emphasizes the importance of process transparency and information symmetry which can be implemented by Blockchain. Blockchain-enabled novelty-centered BMD significantly enhances the agility part of SCR. SCR can improve firm performance acting as an intermediary between efficiency-centered BMD and firm performance. © 2022
Understanding the impacts of regional climate change on crop production will benefit strategic decisions for future agricultural adaptation in China. In this study, the climatic production potential of potato over the past 61 years in Inner Mongolia was simulated based on long-term ob-served data and the step-by-step correction method. The results show that the annual average potential for potato climatic production in Inner Mongolia is 19,318 kg·hm−2, fluctuating between the highest value (25,623 kg·hm−2) and the lowest value (15,354 kg·hm−2). Over the past 61 years, the climatic production potential exhibited an insignificant decreasing trend, with large interannual fluctuation, especially since 2000. The high-value areas of the climatic production potential were mainly located in the central and southern regions. The climatic production potential of potato in most areas showed a decreasing trend. The influence of radiation changes on the potato climatic production potential was not obvious in most areas. The effects of temperature changes on the climatic production potential of potato were mostly negative, and were most obvious in the central and western regions and in the southeastern region. The change in precipitation in most parts of western Inner Mongolia, Hohhot, Chifeng and eastern Xingan League had a positive effect on the climatic production potential of potato. However, the change in precipitation in southern Ulanchabu, eastern Chifeng, Hulunbuir and western and eastern regions had a negative effect on the climatic production potential of potato. The main limiting factor for the climatic production potential of potato in Inner Mongolia is precipitation. Our findings have important implications for local potato production to cope with ongoing climate change in China. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The integration of all sectors of energy production, distribution and consumption in multi-source energy networks has lately gained attention as an attractive strategy to deal with the challenges raised by decarbonization roadmaps. For such a network to become a smart energy system, however, it needs to be managed and controlled in a smart way. While existing techniques mainly focus either on short-term unit commitment or on yearly scheduling separately, this work presents an original combined optimization algorithm which merges the two methods, in order to enhance system real-time control with long-term evaluations (e.g. incentives and yearly constraints). The control architecture comprises three coordinated optimization levels, each periodically updated through the receding time horizon strategy. A long-term supervisory module performs whole-year optimal scheduling accounting for long-term factors and determines the constraints for a short-term supervisory module which, in turn, optimizes the control action for the energy production system in real-time. In parallel, energy distribution modules minimize energy supply to the different portions of the distribution network downstream. Simulation results on a hospital case study demonstrate a 9.7% reduction in total operating cost over the whole year, as well as an increase in revenues deriving from incentives for high efficiency cogeneration. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Climate change is seriously impacting coastal biodiversity and the benefits it provides to humans. This issue is particularly relevant in the case of the European Union’s Natura 2000 network of areas for nature protection, where the sensitivity of local ecosystems calls for intervention to increase resistance and resilience to climate-related risks. Given the complex ways in which climate can influence conservation hotspot areas, there is a need to develop effective strategic approaches and general operational models to identify priorities for management and inform adaptation and mitigation measures. Here, a novel methodological proposal to perform climate risk assessment in Natura 2000 sites is presented that implements the systematic approach of ISO 14090 in combination with the theoretical framework of ecosystem services assessment and local stakeholder participation to identify climate-related issues for local protected habitats and improve the knowledge base needed to plan sustainable conservation and restoration measures. The methodology was applied to five Natura 2000 sites located along the Adriatic coast of Italy and Slovenia. Results show that each of the assessed sites, despite being along the coast of the same sea, is affected by different climate-related issues, impacting different habitats and corresponding ecosystem services. This novel methodology enables a simple and rapid screening for the prioritization of conservation actions and of the possible further investigations needed to support decision making, and was found to be robust and of general applicability. These findings highlight the importance of designing sitespecific adaptation measures, tailored to address the peculiar response to climate change of each site in terms of biodiversity and ecosystem services. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Floods due to higher severity of destruction are considered the most destructive natural hazards in the world. Initiating the appropriate strategies of disaster risk reduction is necessary to understand risk perception. This study attempted to examine the flood risk public perception in flash flood-prone areas of Punjab, Pakistan. A simple random sampling technique was used for collecting the data of 560 household respondents, and a logistic regression model was employed to make out the factors of flood risk perception. In classification of low and high perceived risk of relevant indicators, flood risk perception index was constructed. Risk perception is significantly influenced by socioeconomic factors which have a direct impact on disaster preparedness and potential adaptive capacities. After that, potential correlation of risk perception with the demographic status of respondents was investigated in this study. Empirical estimates indicated as respondents’ schooling, ownership of house, size of household, employment status and past flood experience significantly influence flood risk perception. Risk perception determinants also diverse among both communities portray spatial differences. Inadequate protection measures from public authorities and institutions, limited preparedness regarding actions of private mitigation, reduced intensity of reliance in institutions and authorities are major reasons for high risk and lower mitigation in these flash flood-prone areas. The outcomes of this research can facilitate to understand flood risk perception and its factors for conniving appropriate management plan of flood risk and communication strategies. Furthermore, this research can help consider multidimensional flood risks and its spatial vibrancy from the perspective of social science. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
This paper explores the challenges that occur when collaborating organizations seek to align multiple strategic objectives through a single construction project and examines those factors that influence the strategy of a project network. Unlike intra-organizational projects that operate in the boundaries of a single organization, a project network operates in an environment of overlapping boundaries whereby multiple organizations simultaneously seek to ensure their strategic objectives are realized through a single strategic project. A model presenting a hierarchy of inter-organizational strategic objectives is developed from the empirical findings of a study of four construction projects. Internal and external tensions influencing the project strategy of the network are identified. The study finds that effective project governance, leadership and taking account of client complexity are important in the strategic alignment of inter-organizational projects, and this informs the development of the new model. © 2022 The Author(s)
Purpose: The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic and consequent economic shutdown have had severe impacts on the tourism industry. Acquiring an understanding of the impacts and ongoing response procedures is crucial to recovery planning. The purpose of this study is to explore the management procedures undertaken by sport tourism stakeholders during the COVID-19 pandemic in Indiana, USA, a state that relies heavily on sport tourism for its economic vibrancy. Design/methodology/approach: A constructivist grounded theory approach was adopted. In-depth semi-structured interviews were conducted with 14 high-rank managers in sport tourism organizations. Findings: Continued uncertainty, psychological and financial distress were found to be the main challenges. Contingency planning, adaptability and focus on doable tasks were the core elements of the strategic response plan. Resilience management, particularly social and financial, appeared to be key in the recovery process. A stronger return was predicted with technological advancements and new collaborations. Intra-destination collaboration and creative programs were found to be key in the long-term resilience of the destination. Originality/value: Findings shed light on the challenges faced, response actions undertaken, and the projected future which helps to understand the stories behind decisions and proposals, identify the gaps, and plan the best possible practices. Recommendations for leveraging sports to revitalize the destinations and help businesses survive the crisis are provided that can guide sport tourism communities on their path to recovery from COVID-19. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The knowledge of small-scale fisheries (SSFs) is important to develop management policies and mitigate the competition for marine resources. However, spatially explicit information is often unavailable at the regional and subregional scale. We designed and tested a novel participatory approach to map the SSF fishing effort using the Mediterranean sea as a case study. We applied the approach in eight countries (Albania, Croatia, Italy, Libya, Malta, Montenegro, Slovenia and Tunisia) characterized by different cultural, social, political and ecological features. The results provided quantitative and spatially explicit information on fishing operations on a fine-scale resolution, contributing to overcome the pragmatic and budgetary constraints that to date have prevented an accurate assessment of SSFs worldwide. This novel participatory approach is inspired by the principles of governance, adaptive management, cross-national cooperation and spatial planning, thus supporting the ecosystem approach to fisheries and has the potential to provide a useful complement to traditional assessments. © 2022 The Authors. Fish and Fisheries published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This article comments on significant UK environmental law cases for the period 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022. It begins with an overarching introduction focussing on the standard of review in environmental claims in the public law context and drawing attention to tension on the domestic bench on matters of approach. It then addresses a selection of significant cases in the fields of climate change (both inside and outside the environmental impact assessment regime), strategic environmental assessment, habitats, species, discretion under section 31(2A) of the Senior Courts Act 1981, representative actions under CPR Rule 19.6, waste, licensing and human rights. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Emerging literature has identified a range of strategies that professionals develop in order to manage after-hours connectivity to work, but it has largely treated those strategies as being independent from each other. Existing research has not captured the dynamic nature of connectivity or how this may facilitate the redrawing of boundaries in practice. Here, we focus on academics as an occupational group that experiences connectivity to work, given their discretion to decide (to a degree) when to work outside their teaching duties. Drawing on two case studies, we first elicit three connectivity management strategies—segmentation, prioritisation and distancing—and illustrate the practices that support them and their intertwining relationship, as academics try to maintain their professional identity. Second, we argue that technology does not necessarily contribute to a blurring of boundaries between work and nonwork, but it can also be used as a ‘boundary object’ that separates the two domains. © 2021 Brian Towers (BRITOW) and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This study proposes the use of the Gini index and the non-parametric method of Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) for strategic planning and performance management in the Greek tourism sector. To attain our research effort, we use an innovative two-stage DEA bootstrap procedure to establish, among other determinants, the Gini coefficient in the light of tourism performance. According to our scale analysis a high turnover rate of low-skilled and badly paid seasonal jobs is an important challenge need to be addressed, by promoting full and productive employment. The results of the Simar and Wilson two stage analysis reveal that Greece’s seasonality and the number of overnights by domestic tourists are negatively related with tourism performance. In fact the global financial recession and the austerity measures implemented on the Greek economy had a high impact on the domestic tourism behavior. However this situation could be reversed through price differentiation and tax incentives. In contrast to domestic tourists, the number of inbound overnight stays is positively associated with tourism performance, as a result of the growth path from 2010 onward, of the world’s major economies. This trend must be further strengthened through alternative forms of tourism such as cultural tourism that needs more concentration on upgrading the attractiveness of museums and archaeological sites. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
This paper studies two key aspects of the introduction of private management in the Colombian electricity generation industry: (1) It quantifies the impact of changes to private management on bidding prices; (2) Verifies empirically the basic predictions from the theory of mixed oligopoly markets. Specifically, it investigates how the market concentration and the level of forward contracting affect the potential changes in the exercise of market power subsequent to the switch to private management. It applies a differences-in-differences model with staggered adoption on bidding daily data of the firms in the Colombian wholesale electricity market between 2002 and 2018. The results suggest that: (1) switches to private management provoke a non-permanent increase in bidding prices, consistent with an initial dominance of a market power effect which is gradually offset by cost improvements; (2) Higher levels of market concentration are associated with a greater increase in bidding prices resulting from the change to private management; (3) Lower levels of forward contracting are linked with higher bidding prices for both, public and private firms. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Remanufacturing offers an approach to extend product lifetime beyond its first use. After restoring products to original quality, they are reintroduced to the market. To make products more suited for this approach, and to increase resource-efficiency, design for remanufacturing can be incorporated for new product development. Academic literature points out opportunities for improved implementation particularly through early-stage design activities. This paper presents an in-depth, single case study into the opportunities and barriers to incorporate design for remanufacturing ine early-stage design. The selected case company is a producer of professional imaging equipment with an internal remanufacturing division. The company has decades of experience in remanufacturing and has introduced a company standard on design for End-of-Life. For data collection, employees from different departments were interviewed and observed. Design management theory was used to combine findings from all perspectives into a company-specific strategy map. This map shows departmental interrelations and dependencies, and exposes the opportunities for creating new value through design. At the case company, remanufacturing was found to be separate from, and secondary to, the development of newly manufactured products. If the strategy of a company is not attuned to developing products that serve multiple use-cycles, its execution will remain sub-optimal and remanufacturing will be a value-retention strategy in isolation. These findings may be valid for other companies that have remanufacturing operations, which are separate, as well. © 2022, The Author(s).
The Rhenish lignite mining region is facing enormous structural changes due to the with-drawal from opencast mining. The current planning of the regional transformation process, how-ever, has so far only insufficiently considered the local impacts of climate change and thus also existing needs for action as well as opportunities in the context of sustainable regional development. However, the integrated consideration of these challenges is probably one of the biggest strategic challenges for this region. The aim of our study was therefore to apply a method for the integrated analysis of structural and climatic changes in the context of a climate impact assessment. We follow a parallel spatial modelling approach and use scenario corridors to describe the bandwidth of potential future conditions. The results clearly show the influence of other drivers such as changes in population and land use, and thus the adaptation options within the context of a sustainable transformation process. Structural changes should be considered in the context of climate impact anal-yses, as well as climate changes in the management of structural change. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The negative impact of mining activities on mining communities has received increased calls for mining firms to engage in management practices that are deemed to be environmentally friendly. Using the ecological modernisation theory, the study sought to examine which of the environmentally accepted supply chain management practices should be encouraged to ensure that mining firms are able to sustain their performance economically, socially and environmentally. The current study, therefore, used the explanatory study design to gather primary data from 200 respondents. Data were analysed by means of PLS-SEM to model the relationship between green supply chain management practices and sustainable performance. The findings of the study indicated that all the four constructs of sustainable supply chain management practices predict the sustainable performance of mining firms. The study, therefore, recommends the adoption of green supply chain management practices by mining firms in order to sustain their performance. Details of the findings are discussed. © 2022 The Authors
Coasts are highly dynamic and geo-morphologically complex systems that are exposed to several factors such as waves, extreme meteorological events and climate change. It is also wellrecognized that coastal zones, characterized by an increasing population growth, are vulnerable to climate change. In addition, coastal erosion, resulting from natural environment changes and human activities, acts worldwide. Consequently, it is necessary to quantify coastal hazards vulnerability and develop tools to monitor coastal risks and support making targeted climate adaptation policies. In this paper, a framework to estimate coastal vulnerability to flooding and erosion has been developed for the Ionian Basilicata coast. It is based on two methods: the integrated vulnerability index (flooding and erosion) and the CeD physical vulnerability index (multi-risk assessment). Our results are in agreement with the recent shoreline evolution: the integrated coastal risk of the Ionian Basilicata coast is generally medium to high, while the “physical erosion vulnerability” is generally high to very high. In addition, the results highlight a spatial variability of the vulnerability, probably due to the morphology of the beach, which requires developing a strategic approach to coastal management and defining mitigation measures, considering relevant risk aspects as the vulnerability and exposure degree. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The COVID-19 pandemic has hit societies all around the globe, with tremendous consequences. Beyond its impact on individual and public health, the ensuing crisis has also accentuated existing social and economic problems and, in many cases, exacerbated them. In this context, a central question arises: How can societies be better prepared for the future? This research note presents an example of strategic foresight as an instrument for better understanding systemic challenges, anticipating the emergent risks and opportunities and informing future-proof decision-making. More specifically, it reflects central insights of a regional foresight project that aimed at exploring development pathways of the Italian province South Tyrol for the next 10 years and beyond (2030+). Delineating four plausible, equivalent and consistent scenarios and their entailed challenges, risks and opportunities for South Tyrol, the project offers a future-oriented policy instrument for political, economic and civil actors and key stakeholders. Instead of a classic empirical outlet, the article is prepared as a research note that, beyond sketching the scenarios, shares the project experiences, lessons learned, challenges and success factors for other future regional foresight endeavors. © 2022
Over the past two decades, strategies for sustainable development and water environment governance have become the main ways to improve regional water-use efficiency. However, the evolutionary characteristics and drivers of the regional water-use efficiency remain unclear, and the effectiveness of national strategic instruments must still be evaluated. The study uses the minimum distance to the strong efficient frontier model (MinDS) to measure water-use efficiency in the Yangtze River Economic Belt, examines the evolutionary characteristics of water-use efficiency from spatial and temporal perspectives, and further investigates drivers of the evolution of the water-use efficiency. The results indicate that the water-use efficiency in the Yangtze River Economic Belt has greatly improved and been maintained at a high level, especially after the national strategy for this economic belt was established. Water-use efficiency improvement is closely related to water environment treatment. There exists a significant spillover effect on the water-use efficiency in the provinces of the Yangtze River Economic Belt. High-level provinces are helpful in driving neighboring provinces to improve their water-use efficiency, while low-level provinces play a negative role. This study confirms the effectiveness of the national strategy and provides a useful perspective for interprovincial water-use efficiency improvement. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: The COVID-19 pandemic presents unprecedented challenges for small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in emerging economies. This paper aims to examine how India's SMEs implement their strategic responses in this crisis. Design/methodology/approach: The study uses dynamic capability theory to explore the strategic responses of SMEs. Strategy implementation theory helps to explain how they implement innovative practices for outcomes. A research model defines the COVID-19 challenges, strategic responses and performance outcomes. The study reports the findings of an initial pilot study of 75 firms and follow-up case study results in the context of COVID-19. Findings: Firms choose their approaches according to their perceived market risks. Case studies illustrate that firms display diverse attitudes depending on their strategic direction, leadership vision and organizational culture. They achieve different outcomes by implementing specific styles of risk management practices (e.g. risk-averting, risk-taking and risk-thriving). Research limitations/implications: Although the study context is Indian SMEs, the findings suggest meaningful lessons for other emerging economies in similar crisis events. The propositions may be extended to future research in broad contexts. Practical implications: Even in the extraordinary COVID-19 market crisis, SMEs with limited resources display their strategic potential by recognizing their unique capabilities, translating them into effective actions and achieving desirable outcomes. Social implications: In the COVID-19 pandemic, top leaders' mental attitude, strategic perspective and routine practices are contagious. Positive leadership motivates both internal and external stakeholders with an enormous level of collaboration. Originality/value: This rare study of Indian SMEs provides a theoretical framework for designing a pilot survey and conducting a case study of multiple firms. Based on these findings, testable propositions are articulated for future research in diverse organizational and national contexts. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Modern-day industries are complex socio-technical entities. Understanding the risks associated with the operation of such systems requires proper consideration of budget constraints, security expertise and evaluating the effects of legacy services. A relatively newer and unorthodox form of cyber-attacks against such systems are Advanced Persistent Threats (APTs). APTs are resourceful and strategic, aiming at maximum damage by stalling critical services and stealing sensitive information. In this article, we demonstrate how attack trees can be used as a common language to model APT attacks in a practitioner-friendly manner. We do so by modelling three prominent APT attacks, namely Stuxnet, Blackenergy and Triton. Each attack is described in a systematic and structured way following the attack tree modelling language. We show that, because attack trees are compositional models, one can reuse them to model other complex attack scenarios. We illustrate this compositional feature by modelling attacks on an industrial oil-pipeline. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: Companies are increasingly aware of the importance of delivering economic, social and environmental benefits through sustainable innovation. This study aims to examine how companies manage tensions derived from sustainable innovation and identify internal and external factors that facilitate its successful implementation in the food industry. Design/methodology/approach: An abductive and qualitative research approach was followed. Data from a multinational food manufacturer were collected from a variety of sources, which included 23 in-depth interviews with respondents from 9 different countries as well as public documents of the company under study. Findings: Results suggest that there is no “one-size-fits-all” strategy for dealing with tensions (derived from sustainable innovations), and more than one type of strategy (i.e. win–win, trade-offs) can be used simultaneously. In addition, sustainable innovation drivers do not seem to operate in isolation and follow a particular pattern where external factors motivated the development of a new set of values, which in turn were picked up and integrated into transformations at the strategic and operational level. Originality/value: The study contributes to the theoretical and practical discussion on sustainable innovation management by providing real business case evidence of how corporate tensions derived from sustainable innovation are managed and offers a comprehensive taxonomy of sustainable innovation drivers in the food industry. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The transformation from physical systems into digital-physical systems puts new engineering and technology management challenges at the foreground. This paper explores how industrial firms engaged in such systems simultaneously can address the seemingly disjunct properties of criticality and generativity in platform-based systems including the connected (inter)-organizational processes and related strategic choices. The in-depth embedded single case study of avionics, the electronics on aircraft, underline the importance of (1) considering organizational and technology aspects together, (2) the long-term gradual transition towards digitalization, and (3) openness in innovation including temporality and cross-industry aspects. Digital innovation appears as a double-edged sword as it enables mastering an increasingly complex system, facilitating its safe operation and maintenance, but at the same time requires new approaches to manage increased complexity during the development and evolution of systems. © 2022 The Authors
An oil palm value chain (OPVC) considers the interconnectivity between each activity within the oil palm industry to allow for a top-down overview of the industry, while capturing the details for more substantial system interactions. However, it is a challenge to deliver the big picture without a proper tool, especially for an extensive value chain network with various processes, the existence of multiple facilities for each process, and supply chain management system. In this respect, a novel systematic approach is developed to synthesise and optimise an integrated OPVC network for higher economic and environmental performance. In this work, an OPVC case study in Johor state is presented and solved to illustrate the proposed approach. Besides, the coalition reliability index is introduced to measure the reliability of the OPVC network formed under different supply chain management. The results demonstrated that the value-added across the entire value chain improves significantly, from 167.0 million US$/y in the conventional design to 220.2 million US$/y. Meanwhile, greenhouse gas emission is reduced substantially from 2700 to 1878 kt CO2e/y. To ensure more strategic sourcing of materials, and therefore, improves the likelihood of successful implementation for the value chain network developed, a Pareto-optimal front is plotted to predict the economic performance generated based on the changes in coalition reliability index. © 2022
Management strategies for chronic wasting disease (CWD) across tribal lands have varied in response to changing dynamics of CWD risk. As CWD continues to spread across the United States, concerns associated with the disease are increasing. We interviewed 19 natural resource managers representing Anishinaabe and Dakota tribes in Minnesota, Michigan, and Wisconsin with goals of understanding needs and opportunities for CWD engagement, surveillance, and outreach on tribal lands; the implementation of natural resources policy and management across tribal nations; and opportunities for tribal partnership-development to control CWD. Qualitative data analyses of interview responses revealed substantial variation in the number of tribal hunters, hunter regulation, and huntable tribal lands across our study area. Proximity of tribal lands in relation to CWD detections impacted tribal agency management strategies for CWD. Our results indicate a desire for CWD outreach and surveillance, mutually beneficial collaborations, and a need for incorporating cultural knowledge into CWD management strategies. We conclude that tribal CWD management and surveillance plans will be enhanced through strategic and thoughtful CWD outreach methods. Moreover, partnerships must recognize tribal sovereignty and respectfully integrate tribal values, knowledge, and worldview. © 2022 The Authors. Conservation Science and Practice published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Society for Conservation Biology.
In recent years, conventional concepts of social reform planning for sustainable, safe and disaster-resilient communities have continuously driven the thought and practice of community planning and management; furthermore, environmental safety has become the common foundation of these visionary community models. Additionally, low birth rates and aging populations have become common social problems in numerous developed countries. This study integrated the design and planning of sustainable, disaster-resilient and intergenerational collective communities to develop factors and models of an intergenerational community. Moreover, this study constructed evaluation indicators for intergenerational communities under a safety basis, which were used as the foundation for planning and designing strategies. The system of intergenerational disaster-resilient collective community planning indicators covers 5 dimensions and 26 indicators, which focuses primarily on the establishment of community safety mechanisms and physical and mental health care for residents, including intergenerational community interactivity, provision of education and employment opportunities, provision of health and medical services, along with environmental and ecological conservation and maintenance management. By reconstructing the communication and economic model of communities as a whole, establishing community disaster management awareness and mechanisms on this basis is essential to facilitate their progress toward sustainable development. Through this framework of indicators, we aim to provide communities with a reference for future transformations in response to societal shifts. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
The circular economy (CE) has gained prominence in recent years in government and business policies, as well as academic research. Yet, its alleged wholesomeness is increasingly questioned and few quantitative studies include both the outer (e.g. recycling) and inner circles (e.g. reduce or reuse), respectively the ex-ante least and most efficient CE strategies. By developing a supply chain equilibrium model, based on general equilibrium theory, this paper presents a modelling framework where a product-service system is introduced as a circular alternative to conventional products. Through generalised prices that cover inner and outer circle variables, targeted economic and fiscal policy measures affect overall price levels and, by consequence, operational levels of the supply chain. The rationale behind this approach relies on combining material and economic efficiency by integrating material/product life cycles with market interactions. To illustrate its performance, the model examines the rollout of a reusable plastic bottle initiative in Belgium. The results show that if circular products are perceived as substitutes for conventional products, well-targeted policies can reduce material use substantially. Furthermore, coordinating circular policies along the supply chain can improve their outcomes. However, the absence of CE data impedes model development and risks undermining the validity of the results. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The research examines the causal relationship between supply chain efficiency and sustainable financial performance based on the evidence from the literature dealing with a transition from financial decision-making based on the financial outcome, including financial rationale in supply chain design, operations, and management. The case study has included 100 companies selected from the automotive production sector over ten years, from 2010 to 2019. Methodologically, the study includes statistically fixed and random effects models, considering within the model parameters as dependent variables asset and efficiency-based ratios and as independent variables financial performance ratios related to returns on assets, equity, capital expenses, and sales. The selection of the fixed or random-effects model is accomplished by performing the Hausman test. The results of panel analysis indicate a causal relationship for the proposed models, highlighting the importance of efficiency ratios such as Fixed Assets Turnover Ratio, Total Assets Turnover Ratio, and Fixed Assets Turnover. From practitioners` perspective, the models` construction and the paper’s results gain insight into strategic supply chain areas that can be prioritised for increased efficiency and corporate competitiveness, promoting sustainable financial performance through asset structure, asset efficiency, and inventory management. © 2022, University of Rijeka. All rights reserved.
This paper elaborates the design of a National Learning Analytics (LA) and Educational Data Mining System for pre-tertiary education in Croatia. The described approach consists of the following five phases: 1) objectives setting, 2) user needs analysis, 3) data availability analysis, 4) dashboards pre-design and 5) validation of functionalities. There is an evident research gap, as well as the lack of practical examples about the development of a Learning Analytics System (LAS) for pre-tertiary education on the national and/or regional level. Therefore, this research aims to make a scientific contribution by filling the recognized gap, but also contribute to solving the practical issues of national schools’ LAS development. To increase the usability of an LAS, the involvement of all end users is essential. In the described case, six main user groups were identified: 10-18 years old students, teachers, school management and support staff, regional and national authorities responsible for education, strategic bodies and researchers and, finally, project partners that work on system development. For each of them, separate dashboard functionalities have been designed through several rounds of consultations. Consultations with users started with focus groups and panels, to brainstorm the most important issues they would like to answer in order to enhance learning and teaching. Between the two rounds of consultation, there was an evaluation phase of the relevance of the gathered questions. Finally, targeted users provided feedback on the pre-production functionalities of each dashboard and validated them. In this process, several challenges were detected, including data gathering and protection, ethical issues and interpretation of results for students who are underage, and continuous adjustments to the users’ needs. © 2022, University of Zagreb, Faculty of Organization and Informatics. All rights reserved.
Coastal Natural Resources Management (NRM) is a distinct sector in Australia with a focus on biodiversity conservation. It is a sector worthy of scrutiny because coastal and marine environments are arguably more complex and dynamic than their terrestrial counterparts thus creating more diverse challenges for managers. Land tenure at the coast in Australia also sets these environments apart and has direct implications for NRM governance, including reliance on a volunteer workforce. Numerous politically driven federal policy and funding cycles have shaped what has become Australia's current NRM system. It is argued that over time the coastal sector has become increasingly marginalised through these cycles. Here we concentrate on the devolved governance framework established in the mid-2000s as the federal government's ‘regional delivery’ model. While NRM policy has since re-centralised and shifted focus, regions and their administration have endured and are significant entities but have received little recent attention. This paper presents a brief history of NRM in Australia including the emergence of state NRM architecture and an update of the status of coastal NRM regions. We use a sample of ten NRM regions selected based on coastline length to land area ratios and affluence attributes. The prominence of coasts is considered through three pillars essential to the NRM system: Boards of Management; strategic planning, and support for the volunteer community. While a regional NRM framework is in place, the prominence of coastal and marine environments is questionable in relation to Boards of Management expertise. This has implications for strategic planning. The interrogation of plans suggests that overall, the focus of stakeholders is not primarily on conservation of coastal assets and the past levels of support for coastal volunteers is a but shadow of previous programs. A set of national guidelines or principles to integrate coastal and marine priorities in NRM planning cycles offer one mechanism to amend this situation along with a reinvigoration of a community support program. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Research Summary: Strategic human capital scholars suggest that firms' human capital rents are greater when labor market frictions are more prevalent. Taking this argument further, we suggest that when frictions for one type of human capital decrease, firms are motivated to place greater emphasis on human capital that is interdependent in production where frictions are unchanged. Empirically, we exploit an exogenous institutional change in the National Football League to demonstrate that coaching (managerial) dismissal and replacement is more likely to occur (and is influenced by a wider variety of information) after frictions for player (production worker) human capital decrease. Our findings suggest adding a new dimension—tradeoffs between related labor market segments—to the scholarly conversation about how firms manage their human capital (and other resources) strategically. Managerial Summary: We often point to the existence of labor market frictions for different types of human capital as reasons why firms would emphasize one type of human capital over another. But changes in frictions in markets for related human capital, the present focus, can influence this decision as well. In particular, our study demonstrates that when the NFL implemented free agency and a salary cap in the market for player talent in 1993, limiting the ability of teams to stockpile talented players, NFL teams responded by increasing their emphasis on coaching talent in the production of wins. This increased emphasis manifested in more frequent coaching dismissals and a greater influence of different types of information on the desirability of replacing a team's head coach after 1993. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: Green public procurement (GPP) may be a viable solution and an innovative policy tool for public managers to address complex environmental issues facing communities globally. Given their substantial purchasing power, local GPP initiatives and success can accelerate a transition toward a more sustainable society through governments' influence over the private sector. The study's central research question is: What are the factors associated with US local governments' engagement with GPP practices? Design/methodology/approach: This research applies the Mohr's (1969) model of motivations, obstacles and resources (MOR) and draws on original, comprehensive and national survey data collected in collaboration with NIGP: The Institute for Public Procurement to explain adoption of GPP as an innovative policy tool. To ensure the robustness of the findings, the data are analysed by running two types of regression – ordinal logistic and negative binomial – using two different operationalizations for the dependent variable, a GPP scale (ordinal) and a GPP scorecard (count). Findings: The decision surrounding GPP adoption is ultimately driven by organizations’ strategic visions, organizations’ familiarity with the GPP concept and practices, and mandates from the federal government through funding mechanisms. Originality/value: This study offers guidance to both academic researchers and policymakers in public management and public budgeting and finance on strategies and policy options to expand GPP adoption and utilization. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The United Nation decade on ecosystem restoration has been recognized in global and regional policy commitments that play a crucial role towards restoring degraded areas with the continued provision of ecosystem services. Climate-sensitive alpine meadows are vital in this regard as they are facing a continuous threat of degradation governed by both natural and anthropogenic drivers. The present work aims at the investigation of the ecological status and restoration strategies for alpine and sub-alpine areas of the Darma-Byans landscape in the Central Himalayan region of India. It is one of the important conservation landscapes identified under the SECURE Himalaya project of the United Nation Development Programme (UNDP). Under the present work, studies conducted regarding assessment strategies included: Land Use Land Cover (LULC) mapping, Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) analysis, grazing capacity estimation, and final validation with secondary data collection followed by the investigation of suitable eco-system based adaptation and mitigation strategies for the area. Results showed the natural regeneration of biodiversity in the alpine meadows of the landscape. Clear indications analyzed from the results depict that grazing pressure was below its capacity (20,897 cow units per year); there was a decreasing trend in human population (in 15 villages) and livestock population (from 1987 by ~50% of the total population), tourists' influx, and an increasing trend in NDVI in the area. However, the sub-alpine areas are still facing the threat of extreme land degradation due to harsh climatic conditions, especially extreme rainfall events. Therefore, sustainable site-specific eco-restoration strategies, viz., grazing, under-grazing capacity, eco-tourism practice, soil erosion control by check dams and geo-coir matting followed by plantation, sustainable resource utilization management practices, shepherd's night staying sites, integrated agricultural practices, etc. are also recommended for the region. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Extant studies identify different strategic approaches for businesses to integrate environment management (EM) into corporate supply chain management (SCM) to create different competitive market advantages. With increasing market uncertainties, stakeholder complexities, constraints of resources, companies nowadays are required to develop more context-specific solutions for mitigating sustainability risk and improving market performance in supply chain sustainability practices. To address the challenges faced by businesses, this study aims to explore how a company adapts green supply chain strategies for a competitive transformation. Specifically, we aim to identify different green supply chain capabilities that form hybrid choices of green solutions for a company to leverage an adaptive green shift. Through an extensive literature review, this study proposes a conceptual framework for exploration which is based on a qualitative in-depth case study in the electronics industry—one of the most polluting manufacturing sectors in China. The findings show that supply chain characteristics play a significant role in the selection of different green SCM solutions by businesses. We find different hybrid choices of strategic decisions are being made by the case company operating with high-volume and high-value supply chains respectively. High-volume supply chains adopt both operational pollution and waste control strategies and incremental green product strategies to balance cost of operational change and develop a competitive eco-efficient market expansion. In contrast, high-value supply chains adopt radical green product innovation strategies and operational waste prevention strategies to balance cost of product innovation and build operational efficiency to expand in a competitive eco-differentiation market. A mix of dynamic capabilities involved in different supply chain green transformations are also identified. © 2022 by the authors.
The development of agro-tourism which brings together the agrarian and tourism sphere, can contribute to the socio-economic development of rural regions and enhance the well-being of rural population, especially for the sustainable development of small-scale farms. The aim of this paper is to examine the development opportunities for small-scale farms through agro-tourism; moreover, to obtain comments that can inform government policy on the development of small-scale farms in agro-tourism; and lastly to determine the importance of agro-tourism in rural development. The study utilised a qualitative single case study that examined the views of a small-scale farmers on the prospects of introducing elements of agro-tourism in farm development. The results suggests that, for small-scale farms to continually develop and obtain sustainable success, it necessitates a well-constructed agro-tourism strategy. Furthermore, the significance of government support to small-scale farms sustainable development, as agro-tourism is recognised as an alternative farming activity that can diversify operations of small-scale farmers, and overall contribute to the sustainable development of a rural economy. Therefore, the development of a strategy for agro-tourism needs not only small-scale farmers understanding of government policy-decisions but should incorporate the small-scale farmers point of view on the subject to develop a sustainable agro-tourism destination. © 2022
Strategic environmental assessments (SEAs) are used in coastal zone planning in Norway to assess how changed area-use can impact a variety of uses and interests and make recommendations for trade-off decisions between them. The transparency and consistency of the SEAs are important for their throughput legitimacy. This paper analyses how the set up and practices of SEA processes affect their transparency and consistency, how they can be improved, and what trade-offs there may be between the two. This is based on cases studies of SEAs in two intermunicipal planning processes involving 143 proposed aquaculture areas in 18 municipalities in Northern Norway. Marine aquaculture in the form of salmon farming has grown into a major industry on the Norwegian coast, and there are ambitions for further growth. Salmon farming is a major driver for coastal zone planning in Norway as many municipalities hope it will provide jobs and income and fish farms must be placed in accordance with municipal coastal zone plans. The paper specifically analyses how proposed aquaculture areas were handled in the SEAs, including their knowledge base, assessment methods used and actual trade-offs, and how this impact transparency and consistency. Consistency is considered both across geographies and SEA processes and through the individual SEA processes. © 2022 The Authors
Water supply services (WSSs) are critical to human survival and development. The Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Trade-offs (InVEST) model enables an integrated, dynamic, and visual assessment of ecosystem services at different scales. In addition, Geodetector is an effective tool for identifying the main driving factors of spatial heterogeneity of ecosystem services. Therefore, this article takes the Three Gorges Reservoir Area (TGRA), the most prominent strategic reserve of freshwater resources in China, as the study area and uses the InVEST model to simulate the spatiotemporal heterogeneity of the supply-demand balance of WSSs and freshwater security patterns in 2005, 2010, 2015, and 2018, and explores the key driving factors of freshwater security index (FSI) with Geodetector. The total supply of WSSs in the TGRA decreased by 1.05% overall between 2005 and 2018, with the head and tail areas being low-value regions for water yield and the central part of the belly areas being high-value regions for water yield. The total demand for WSSs in the TGRA increased by 9.1%, with the tail zones and the central part of the belly zones being the high water consumption areas. In contrast, the head zones are of low water consumption. The multi-year average FSI of the TGRA is 0.12, 0.1, 0.21, and 0.16, showing an upward trend. The key ecological function areas in the TGRA are high-value FSI regions, while the tail zones in the key development areas are low-value FSI regions. Industrial water consumption significantly impacts FSI, with a multi-year average q value of 0.82. Meanwhile, the q value of industrial and domestic water consumption on FSI in 2018 increased by 43.54% and 30%, respectively, compared with 2005. This study analyzes the spatiotemporal variation of WSSs and detects the drivers in the natural-economic-social perspective and innovation in ecosystem services research. The study results can guide water resource security management in other large reservoirs or specific reservoir areas. © 2022 by the authors.
Manureshed management—the strategic use of manure nutrients that prioritizes recycling between livestock systems and cropping systems—provides a comprehensive framework for sustainable nutrient management that necessitates the collaboration of many actors. Understanding the social dimensions of collaboration is critical to implement the strategic and technological requirements of functional manuresheds. To improve this understanding, we identified aspirational networks of actors involved in manureshed management across local, regional, and national scales, principally in the United States, elucidating key relationships and highlighting the breadth of interactions essential to successful manureshed management. We concluded that, although the social networks vary with scale, the involvement of a common core set of actors and relationships appears to be universal to the successful integration of modern livestock and crop production systems necessary for functional manuresheds. Our analysis also reveals that, in addition to agricultural producers, local actors in extension and advisory services and private and public sectors ensure optimal outcomes at all scales. For manureshed management to successfully integrate crop and livestock production and sustainably manage manure nutrient resources at each scale, the full complement of actors identified in these social networks is critical to generate innovation and ensure collaboration continuity. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Environmental Quality published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society of Agronomy, Crop Science Society of America, and Soil Science Society of America.
Ponds are a common feature in urban parks to provide aesthetic and recreational functions, but also deliver a wide range of ecosystem services. The objective of this study was to assess the water quality of six urban ponds in the city of Lisbon, Portugal, to determine the factors that influence it and consider remediation measures for them. Besides that, our study aims to deliver data in order to support the best approach for a future monitoring program, toward more strategic and sustainable management. Floating treatment wetlands (FTW) were installed in three of the ponds during the study, where nutrient levels were higher. Water sampling was performed since 2016, with more intensive campaigns in 2020 and 2021. Average pH ranged from 7.9 to 9.0, average Chemical Oxygen Demand ranged from 36 mg/L to 90 mg/L and average Total Suspended Solids ranged from 7 to 93 mg/L. The main factors that contribute to these values were identified as the presence of waterbirds, vegetative debris that falls in ponds, and contamination with sewage. The FTW that were installed in some of the ponds could help to improve the water quality, but additional measures such as removal of bottom sediments and leaves in the fall, may be necessary. It is expected that the assessment of water quality carried out in the urban ponds can contribute to the overall improvement of urban water management. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Public health departments are on the frontlines of protecting vulnerable groups and working to eliminate health disparities through prevention interventions, disease surveillance and community education. Exploration of the roles national, state and local health departments (LHDs) play in advancing climate change planning and actions to protect public health is a developing arena of research. This paper presents insights from local public health departments in California, USA on how they addressed the barriers to climate adaptation planning with support from the California Department of Public Health’s Office of Health Equity Climate Change and Health Equity Section (OHE), which administers the California Building Resilience Against Climate Effects Project (CalBRACE). With support from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Climate-Ready States and Cities Initiative (CRSCI), CalBRACE initiated an adaptation project to seed climate planning and actions in county health departments. In this study, we compared the barriers and strategies of twenty-two urban and rural LHDs and explored potential options for climate change adaptation in the public health framework. Using key informant interviews and document reviews, the results showed how engagement with CalBRACE’s Local Health Department Partnership on Climate Change influenced the county departments’ ability to overcome barriers to adaptation through the diversification of funding sources, the leveraging strategic collaborations, extensive public education and communication campaigns, and the development of political capital and champions. The lessons learned and recommendations from this research may provide pathways and practices for national, state and local level health departments to collaborate in developing protocols and integrating systems to respond to health-related climate change impacts, adaptation and implementation. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This study examines the termination of research alliances by established firms accessing knowledge from smaller research partners. We relax the assumption implicit in the internal tension perspective of alliance termination that signals from a partner are readily processed and acted upon. Instead, we consider that large firms involved in the alliance may have distributed decision-making structures involving both alliance managers in charge of day-to-day activities and top managers who are responsible for a company’s strategic decision making. Using the information-processing view of the firm we theorize on frictions as top managers evaluate the balance of tensions within the alliance. First, signals collected by units involved in the alliance must receive top management attention. Second, the accuracy and reliability with which signals are evaluated and acted upon is contingent on the composition of the top management team. An analysis of 235 alliances initiated by Top 50 pharmaceutical firms broadly supports our theoretical framework. © 2021 Society for the Advancement of Management Studies and John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
This paper studies joint robust network design and recovery investment management in a production supply chain, considering limited historical data about disruptions and their possibilities. The supply chain is subject to uncertain disruptions that reduce production capacity at plants, and the cascading failures propagate along the supply chain network. A data-driven two-stage distributionally robust optimization model with Wasserstein ambiguity set (TWDRO) is constructed to determine the strategic location and tactical allocation decisions in the first stage as well as the operational production and inventory decisions and recovery policy by recourse in the second stage. This paper also proposes a model for depicting a recovery-fund based mitigation strategy, and the model is general in depicting the accelerated, constant-speed, and decelerated recovery processes. In addition, partial backorder policy is adopted to depict the customers’ choices upon product stockout. The TWDRO model is solved by converting it to a mixed integer linear programming model and designing a joint solution method using benders decomposition and genetic algorithm. The performance of TWDRO solutions is demonstrated through numerical experiments and a case study, benchmarking on the stochastic programming and robust optimization approaches. This paper shows the effectiveness and robustness of TWDRO and provides managerial implications and suggestions for supply chain disruption and recovery management. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The historical Ukrainian rock-salt mining town of Solotvyno and its environmentally related problems are well-known. A complex monitoring system is needed to evaluate the current situation in order to revitalize the investigated area. In addition to other risks, surface deformation due to undermining is one of the major risks endangering building infrastructure in the inhabited area of the town. These processes are well-known in the area, and damages caused by the surface movement are often recognized. Measurement of the process’s intensity and identification of the impacted area are crucial for any revitalization work. Information on these processes is the most important element of the hazard management and spatial-developmental planning of the town. This study aimed to characterize the long-term surface deformation processes and to identify the spatial and temporal trends and changes of these processes to assist spatial planning. The first step was to understand the surface deformation history from 1992. An InSAR-based assessment of the surface displacement of the undermined Solotvyno area was performed using data from three satellites, namely the ERS, Envisat, and the Sentinel-1, covering the time period between 1992 and 2021. The derived quantitative analysis indicated an intensive surface displacement and subsidence over the mining area. However, these displacements have not been even in the last 30 years of the investigation. The identification of the stabilized areas and recently started movements indicated the dislocation of the processes, which requires adequate actions for geohazard management and strategic planning. The demonstrated technology (InSAR) has the potential to set up an appropriate alarm system and provides an automated mechanism for continuous risk detection. A complex systems development is able to significantly reduce the geohazards over the unstable built-up zones. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metro lines of some mega cities usually suffer from extreme congestions in peak hours, leading to serious operation risks. To relieve the extreme saturation for overcrowded metro lines, this study explores a novel train operation strategy, i.e., flexibly allocating the capacities through reserving carriages at different stations according to the time-variant passenger demand. With this strategy, the train capacities are reasonably distributed to each station, especially for stations with large passenger flows, so as to balance the passenger accumulation over the whole line. A nonlinear integer programming model is developed by considering the passenger dynamics, and an efficient variable neighborhood search (VNS) algorithm is developed to solve the problem of interest. Finally, a set of numerical experiments with real-world data from Beijing metro Batong line are conducted to verify the performance and effectiveness of the proposed model and algorithm. The experimental results show that our proposed approach can effectively obtain high-quality carriage reservation plans in a short computing time, and the generated plans can well balance the passenger accumulation at all involved stations. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Strategic development to promote sustainability and circularity challenges incumbents to fundamentally renew their way of doing business. However, the management of this type of strategic development process, that is, strategic renewal aiming at achieving sustainability, remains largely unknown. Therefore, we investigated what constitutes incumbents' strategic renewal aimed at achieving sustainability and how to manage each stage of this process. We conducted a single-case study of the incumbent tech company, Neste Oyj, which is renewing from a fossil-based business to a sustainable and circular business. We analyzed multisourced interview- and document-based data collected from a 25-year longitudinal case study by applying a processual approach and the critical incident technique. We proposed an empirically based process model of business strategy renewal comprising five stages, each of which follows the subprocesses of strategic formulation, implementation, and evaluation. The findings and the process model extend the theoretical understanding of incumbents' business strategy development to achieve sustainability and circularity. The proposed model will enable managers to understand what management issues to focus on and what actions are needed at each stage of the strategic renewal process. © 2022 The Authors. Business Strategy and The Environment published by ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The field of Chinese management studies has grown tremendously over the past four decades. Management theories originating from the United States have remained dominant in the analysis of Chinese firms, prompting the question of how powerfully these Western lenses explain management practices in non-Western contexts. Through a matched-samples meta-analysis, which integrates matching techniques into meta-analysis, we compare the mean effect sizes for five classic Western management theories—institutional theory, resource dependence theory, the resource-based view, agency theory, and transaction cost theory—on 452 matched samples drawn from 1,028 U.S. and Chinese studies. Surprisingly, as compared to their U.S. counterparts, Chinese firms (a) are less responsive to coercive and mimetic pressures yet more subject to normative pressures, (b) establish fewer business relations when faced with resource dependencies and transaction costs, (c) extract more profit from managing generic strategic resources, and (d) are more sensitive to pay incentives and private blockholders. To understand the specificities of Chinese management practices, we furthermore conduct a focused review of the emerging literature on China-endemic explanations: political institutional imprinting theory, state-driven sustainable development, and China-endemic corporate governance. We conclude that indigenous theories effectively complement Western perspectives when accounting for Chinese management practices. © The Author(s) 2022.
Developing socially acceptable, environmentally friendly, and financially viable asset management plans (AMPs) is a major challenge for water and wastewater utilities and calls for a comprehensive Sustainability Assessment (SA). This paper proposes a novel framework that applies System Dynamics and Life Cycle Assessment tools to evaluate the long-term sustainability of strategic asset management decisions for water and wastewater infrastructure systems. The merit of the proposed framework in dealing with the non-linearity and dynamic behavior of the socio-economic systems and its utility for SA of strategic asset management decisions are demonstrated in a case study of a Wastewater Collection (WWC) network system. Furthermore, the significant importance of population growth and urban densification policies in sustainability of AMP are highlighted by comparing four alternative scenarios of (1) 100% urban densification, (2) 0% urban densification, (3) 50% densification, and (4) no population growth in the case study. The results of the case study show that the greenhouse gas emission, operational and capital expenses, and bill burden of WWC and treatment services significantly reduce with urban densification. © 2022 American Water Works Association.
Though academic libraries do not compete with others in the real sense, every ambitious librarian would want his or her library to be better than the others. How would a librarian be able to achieve this? Traditionally, librarians have focused on building excellence in processes and operations. However, such processes and operations can be imitated and implemented by other libraries, resulting in those competencies being short lived. Researchers in strategic management have developed theories on how organizations can build competencies that cannot be imitated, and thus be ahead of their competitors. One such theory – referred to as the dynamic capabilities – is adapted to identify the micro-foundations including the roles, activities and competencies required to build these capabilities for academic libraries. Four themes – searching & sensing, shaping, seizing, and transforming – related to developing dynamic capabilities of academic libraries have been identified. Potential research questions have also been formulated to direct future research. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Key performance indicator (KPI) is a discipline that involves articulating what an organization is trying to accomplish and afterward identifying the most meaningful and useful indicators of success. KPI is a key part of a strategic management system. Noteworthy KPIs provide information into whether strategies are working, and programs, objectives and goals are accomplished. In this work, KPIs principles will be reviewed. Then the strategic objectives and goals for operating desalination plants in effective manner will be utilized to develop viable strategic plan, set initiatives and programs to achieve certain objectives and goals in the field of water desalination. Operational performance measures will be used to identify the applicable and appropriate KPIs. KPIs for water desalination plants are convenient tools in assisting to manage practical operation of the plants. © 2022 Desalination Publications. All rights reserved.
This article discusses strategies to bridge research and practice in knowledge co-production in order to influence public policy implementation. It analyses a long-lasting alliance between the Afro-Colombian movement, academia and international organisations, triggering the Government's commitment to nationwide formalisation of collective territories. By combining collaborative and cartographic research, with historical and legal analysis through purposeful political advocacy, the Allies demonstrated the vulnerability of 271 untitled community lands within a socio-territorial conflict context, emerging from competition and control over land and natural resources. This strategic alliance brought Law 70/1993 from stagnation to implementation. © 2021 Society for Latin American Studies.
Purpose: Although Industry 4.0 has created a digital disruption in the business world, there is a huge demand for competent personnel to adapt to innovation in a highly volatile environment. This study aims to develop a conceptual framework on innovation adoption, thus creating a sustainable business performance in the Indian automobile industry. Design/methodology/approach: A sample of 272 employees working in the Indian automobile industry was empirically tested to examine the hypothesized relationships. The proposed relationships were further tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) with AMOS 26 software. Findings: Results highlight that knowledge management, climate for innovation, learning agility and internal corporate communication positively affect innovation adoption. Perceived innovation characteristics also have a significant relationship with innovation adoption and sustainable business performance. Furthermore, innovation adoption has a positive relationship with sustainable business performance. However, ambidextrous leadership has a non-significant relationship with innovation adoption. Research limitations/implications: This study was confined to the Indian automobile industry, which restricts its generalizability. Thus, future research can be conducted in other sectors and country contexts. Practical implications: The paper provides valuable insights to practitioners, HR professionals and managers to develop an agile talent who quickly adapts innovative practices to deliver desired results. Organizations must incorporate digital leadership style, robust knowledge management, climate for innovation, learning agility and corporate communication into their talent development practices that further enhance strategic capabilities and lessen expenditures. Originality/value: This paper provides a holistic framework of innovation adoption in the Indian automobile industry to attain sustainable business performance. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Digital platforms enable the sharing economy and have become dominant business models in many industries. Despite their many benefits, negative externalities associated with the growth of for-profit digital platforms, such as Uber and Google, have ignited concerns among market participants, policymakers and society as a whole, without corrective market forces in sight. One way to address this problem is through a combination of government regulation, criminal enforcement actions and private antitrust litigation. This study aims to analyze an alternative approach, called the nonprofit digital platform (NDP), which is an emerging business model capable of unleashing free-market forces and enhancing the sharing economy’s social benefits. Design/methodology/approach: This study documents the negative externalities (actual and potential) of for-profit digital platforms, uses the product attributes model to explain the market position and strategy of NDPs with respect to for-profit digital platforms and provides recommendations for the successful launch and management of NDPs. Findings: An NDP is a market-based alternative to antitrust, regulation and litigation that enhances the social value created by the sharing economy, but its success requires startup-like management that attracts and retains talent, capital, effective advertising and positive network externalities. Social implications: NDPs can force free-market adjustments in the industries they enter, reduce the negative spillovers of for-profit digital platforms and increase social value by incrementally raising the level of competition. Originality/value: This study conceptually explores the value that nonprofits could bring to the sharing economy in fulfilling its promise and provides strategic recommendations for social-digital entrepreneurs and nonprofits. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The significance of human resources (HRs) has increased with the increasing awareness of sustainability issues and corporate social responsibility. However, the rapidly emerging financial technology (FinTech) sector still presents an HR challenge. Southeast Asia, which accounts for the highest adoption rate of mobile banking, has set new records regarding the number of transactions, as well as funding amount, in recent years. Moreover, borderless financial cooperation, coupled with in-demand tech talents, will rapidly boost the development of the region. Thus, this study explored the new opportunities as well as challenges of a new business model, FinTech, in Southeast Asia’s banking and enterprise sector in the post-COVID-19 era. It also examined how organizations can achieve sustainable development via the interaction of the new operating model with existing ones by developing relevant strategies in the context of the “new normal” working condition. By reviewing the literature on HR management (HRM), we proposed how banking and FinTech companies could supply tech talent with the relevant experience or engage in training projects before recruiting. Additionally, since organizations desire sustainability-minded employees, they offer flexible working arrangements and well-established reward policies that can create remote work performance and retention rates. Being committed to upskilling and reskilling global talent by offering talent mobility opportunities across the organization, as well as by fully embracing the creation of value for cross-cultural talent, companies can support their employees’ long-term career goals and maintain competitive strength. Finally, organizations must focus more on flexible adjustments and cross-domain communication for global talent. Forming strategic alliances with FinTech companies would be an alternative conduit that can ensure that regional laws comply with the local culture and national law, for bias and conflict reduction. © 2022 by the authors.
Being a form of territorial division of labor, economic specialization should be considered as a strategic management priority, contributing to a competitive territorial production structure and, consequently, regional economic growth. The article is devoted, firstly, to the development of a method for assessing the level of territorial division of labor based on a new coefficient of regional economic specialization; and secondly, to the investigation of regional specialization effects on economic growth. The purpose of the to substantiate the influence of the territory specialization factor on industrial economic growth, along with other conventional factors of regional development, using econometric methods based on an extended exogenous growth model. Premised on the data from Russian manufacturing industries and using a new coefficient of regional specialization, the authors have developed and verified an original approach to substantiate the effectiveness of regional clustering for ensuring the growth of industrial output based on an extended exogenous growth model. Approbation of the proposed assessment method and verification of research hypothesis formulated by the authors have been carried out using regional statistical data of the Russian Federation for the period from 2005 to 2019. The empirical analysis results have contributed to a place-based theoretical approach, involving both the cluster concept and the concept of “smart specialization”. The practical significance of the research is to validate clustering feasibility as a form of territorial division of labor and provide a number of principles for the regional industrial policy based thereon to accelerate territorial economic growth. © 2022 by the authors.
This article analyses the impact of chief executive officer's (CEO) educational background, that is, business degree (an MBA) on corporate strategies. In essence, the study tests how differences in educational backgrounds, MBACEOs vis-à-vis non-MBACEOs, determine their strategic choices pertaining to financial inclusion. The study evaluates this relationship in the third-sector, faith-based charity organizations (FCOs) context. Using a longitudinal sample of FCOs operating in a developing Muslim-majority country, this paper reports that CEO's educational background, that is, an MBA degree matters for financial inclusion. These findings demonstrate how CEO's educational background shape the strategic posture of third-sector organizations such as the FCOs. Additionally, the interaction effects further suggest that MBACEOs derive their imputes from robust sutural positions within the organization such as role duality, founder and internally hired CEO status. Results reported in this study have import economic and policy implications. © 2021 The Authors. International Journal of Finance & Economics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Petroleum explorers recognize the value of portfolio management, but many have not seen it effectively applied in the industry or do not understand how subsurface assessments by geoscientists link to portfolio analysis and decision-making by managers. Here, we constructed a fictitious but realistic inventory of 50 prospects distributed across plays of various maturity and then generated portfolios with rank and cut, efficient frontier and portfolio filtering approaches. Different analysis and optimization techniques have varying degrees of use and success in aligning portfolio selections with specific strategic goals and available drilling budget. Portfolios ranked and cut by mean risked volumes, economic probability of success (PoS) and expected monetary value can deliver good exploration results. However, they are sub-optimal when compared with similar efficient frontier portfolios optimized for expected total recoverable resource volume and its standard deviation. Portfolios ranked and cut by geological PoS values can deliver the greatest geological success rate among all portfolios, but not much resources and monetary value when the low-risk prospects have relatively small success-case volumes. Portfolio filtering helps find suitable alternative portfolios. Better portfolios include prospects from the emerging play setting characterized by greatest geological and economic PoS values and success-case volumes, but exclude high-risk prospects from frontier play settings. The formal portfolio optimization approaches are blind to the fact that companies have to drill high-risk frontier prospects to de-risk plays and provide access to prospects in emerging plays. Portfolio analysis and optimization techniques must be coupled with good understanding of exploration business and long-term strategy to deliver excellent sustainable exploration results. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Landfilling continues to be one of the most popular waste treatment methods in Canada or abroad. NIMBYism has forced waste facilities to be sited further from populated centers, meaning that increases in waste management efficiency result in considerable cost savings. Concurrent optimization of waste collection and disposal siting on a regional scale is of practical importance. This study combines collection route optimization and landfill siting using GIS methods to design a regional waste management system in Saskatchewan, Canada. Two original performance indicators are proposed based on route optimization and landfill siting, namely the accessibility (ACC) and Landfill Minimization Index (LMI). The result suggest that the accessibility was able to be improved by between 15.4 and 794.7%, and the optimization methods was always effective in providing higher resident accessibility. Improvements in the LMI yielded less improvement, ranging from -13.9% to +422.2%. Correlation analysis showed that road length is a key optimization parameter. This finding is important to Indigenous communities who suffer from a lack of intensified road network. Divisions that share provincial or international borders generally have higher improvements in ACC and LMI. Strategic placement of landfills and road networks are key to improve waste management system efficiency in Saskatchewan. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Many contemporary video games demand considerable involvement from players, but in general, researchers have not considered such contributions as an innovation activity. To address the nature of gamer contribution, we conducted a longitudinal qualitative case study of the community surrounding the EVE Online video game. We employed grounded theory to investigate how the role played by community members changes over time, which influences their contribution to the innovation process. A dynamic classification model that highlights patterns of innovation contributions by different subgroups of the community emerged from this investigation. The findings were further analyzed utilizing Hirschman's theoretical framework, which was integrated with research on innovation communities. The results indicate that when properly activated, gamer communities can function as online innovation communities capable of contributing not only to product development but also to co-creation and strategy processes, constituting an external dynamic capability. This paper contributes to the literature concerning innovation communities and the dynamic capabilities of companies. Such insights also have practical implications because identifying different subgroups within communities is of strategic importance for companies, assisting managers in targeting segments of the community that could contribute more to the innovation process, as well as to other business operations. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Circular economy and Industry 4.0 are two of the most hotly debated topics in recent decades. They gradually attracted the attention of academics, practitioners, and policymakers from around the globe. The current research looks at the impact of Industry 4.0 on circular economy practices and blockchain technology in order to boost firm performance. The closed questionnaire was used to collect cross-sectional data of 330 respondents, and the partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) modeling framework was used to demonstrate the findings of the study. The results show that blockchain technology improves circular economy practices significantly in terms of green manufacturing (GM), recycling and remanufacturing (RR), and green design (GD) in India. In addition, Industry 4.0 has the potential to improve business operations as well as financial performance and environmental performance significantly. As a result, the current research work offers recommendations for businesses to achieve long-term goals by incorporating Industry 4.0 into manufacturing systems. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Strategy has become ubiquitous in contemporary societies. Accordingly, the expansion of strategy discourse beyond corporate management and its colonization of various aspects of economic and organizational life are important phenomena for critical management research. In this study, we explore how strategy discourse is ushered into and naturalized in the realm of educational administration. Taking a critical approach to discourse analysis, our study reveals the nature and functions of a set of texts representing a discourse that expands strategic management to public K-12 education produced by a key institutional entrepreneur in the United States. Our findings disentangle how this expansion of strategy discourse into public education administration is accomplished through the discourse’s different building blocks. They expose and denaturalize the discourse’s ideological position and exercise of power in its normative construction of the necessity of strategic management for public education. We conclude with a discussion of our study’s contributions to theory and research on the expansion of strategy discourses. In doing so, we cultivate a discussion of alternative discourses and highlight possible future research directions. © The Author(s) 2020.
Objectives reflect values that matter to end-users, but can be challenging in resource management contexts where high uncertainty amplifies the complexity of acceptably satisfying multiple conflicting objectives. Structured decision-making recommends connecting assessable objectives with management alternatives and influencing factors in conceptual models called decision networks that reflect perceived cause-and-effect (means-ends) relationships. In this paper we applied decision networks to examine the contents of fisheries policies within and across jurisdictions. First, we compared implicit means-ends relationships of objectives and management alternatives from fisheries laws and policies to explicit structures in Canadian management plans. Plans were diverse but generally nested objectives from ends to management alternatives, demonstrating operational convergence on decision networks. Second, we compared how five jurisdictions used means and ends objectives to strategically evaluate fishery performance in “report cards,” and which were fixed into law and/or pre-operationalized with guidance for measurable objective elements. Across jurisdictions, guidance for reference points, probabilities and timeframes was more common for objectives subject to evaluation and legal obligations regardless of whether they represented means or ends. Target stock indicators formed chains of evidence in report cards, supporting evaluation of fisheries sustainability from actions to results (though absent indicators of desirable catches, an ends objective). Means objectives may sometimes serve as proxies for hard-to-define ends, depending on assumptions, but both are important. Decision networks help clarify, for both science and policy, the conceptual models and assumptions underlying management alternatives, objectives they aim to meet, and associated indicators evaluating fisheries sustainability at both operational and strategic levels. © 2022
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to present a risk-based prioritization method (RBPM), using functional failure risk and strategic importance assessment, in order to support public managers' decision-making process for the planning and allocation of scarce resources. Design/methodology/approach: The methodology incorporates two assessment matrices into a management group’s decision-making process for resource allocation. As part of an action research strategy, the authors present the developed RBPM and its application in one Norwegian police district. Findings: The RBPM provides a processual approach to detect risk of failures in the organization, which can facilitate better planning and allocation of resources, to mitigate risks from materializing and enhance performance. The results also indicate that the proposed assessment models provide an easier approach to consolidating different perspectives and weighting the strategic importance of disciplinary functions, when prioritizing the planning and allocation of scarce resources is necessary. Research limitations/implications: The research is restricted in that it only considers one police district in Norway. Further limitation surrounds the issue of generalizability, as only one unit from the district is used. Further research should adapt and extend the developed RBPM in the district. Practical implications: The RBPM may be of interest to public managers in the emergency sector operating with a large number of disciplinary functions in a highly dynamic and uncertain environment. Originality/value: The RBPM applied in this study is based on approaches with advanced application in the oil and gas industry adapted to a contextually different environment which, in contrast, consists of functional hierarchies composed of human resources. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Strategic leadership and corporate governance scholars have long been interested in how boards of directors make decisions pertaining to important strategic issues that can have a material impact on their organizations. To date, however, research on board decision-making, especially as it relates to issues of corporate social responsibility (CSR), environmental management, or sustainability, has concentrated almost exclusively on structural, demographic, or ownership factors of boards and their impact on various aspects of corporate social or environmental performance. Even still, many reputable corporations with exemplary corporate governance structures continue to make questionable strategic decisions with regards to environmental sustainability. As such, this research seeks to look into the “black box” of corporate governance to understand exactly how boards of directors are dealing (or not) with issues related to environmental sustainability. To do so, we conducted a series of qualitative interviews with directors and were surprised to find that social and environmental sustainability was simply not debated in the boardroom. Using an attention-based view of the firms (ABV), we present a process-based model that explains this phenomenon and introduce the new construct of attentional voids so as to contribute to our understanding of governing for social and environmental sustainability. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
At the firm level, financialization entails an emphasis on short-term financial performance and increased engagement of non-financial firms in financial activities. Advancing knowledge on the effects of socio-economic contexts on HRM, this study explores how financialization affects a key HRM practice, that is, job design. We contend that higher financialization, as reflected in greater recourse to external debt, greater recourse to shareholder loans instead of equity, and greater investments in financial assets, is associated with the design of managerial jobs confined in the sphere of execution, that is, characterized by less authority over strategic decisions. We test our hypotheses on a dataset that merges fine-grained survey data on the delegation of authority over strategic decisions with secondary data on financialization for a sample of 219 Italian firms. Our findings reveal a negative relation between financialization and delegation, which is more evident for functional strategic decisions. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Clarifying the nexus between water, energy, and carbon has great importance regarding regional sustainable development. A university campus is a multifunctional comprehensive community attribute suitable for exploring campus–scale water–energy–carbon nexus and its spatial heterogeneity. In this study, a theoretical framework of the water–energy–carbon nexus at campus scale was established, the spatial patterns of carbon sources/sinks were estimated, and the characteristics of the water–energy–carbon nexus of different functional areas were investigated. Results showed that campus carbon emission and absorption was 32,119.92 and 557.04 t, respectively. Heat and electricity consumption were the main sources of carbon emissions. Monthly energy–water consumption and carbon emission showed fluctuating trends. Spatial visualization revealed that the highest (lowest) carbon emission was related to the residential (experimental) area. The water–energy–carbon nexus varied among different functional areas, determined primarily by the properties of buildings, energy structure, population density, and human behavior. This research outlines a new policy for low–carbon emission campuses management. Formulating integrated strategies that could help reduce carbon emissions and enhance energy–water saving would contribute to multiobjective realization and promotion of campus sustainability. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In Asia and the Pacific, the agriculture sector is the most important, but it is also the most at risk from climate chnage. Droughts are one of the main sources of disaster risks that can change yield levels and cause sizeable productivity losses in agricultural products. In response, the farmers are taking a number of climate-related risk-reduction steps. As a result, this study has investigated farmers' preferences for climate change adaptation strategies as well as their socioeconomic determinants. A random sample of 200 farmers in Nowshehra, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, were surveyed. A multivariate probit model was used in the study to determine the relationship between independent variables and farmers decisions to implement a specific adaptation strategy. According to the findings of the study, the most common methods of coping with drought were rainwater harvesting, soil conservation, changing crop planting dates, ponds, and terraces with spillways. Furthermore, the study highlighted the role of socio-economic determinants in the adoption of these adaptation strategies. In light of these findings, the government may choose to help these farmers by providing them with ponds and water storage facilities. It is critical to educate farmers about climate change so that they can develop strategies to mitigate its negative effects. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
[No abstract available]
Agricultural soils are important sources of greenhouse gases carbon dioxide (CO2) and nitrous oxide (N2O), as well as nitric oxide (NO), a precursor to tropospheric ozone. Management approaches that constrain these emissions can limit future warming and improve regional air quality, especially in high-temperature agroecosystems where soil emissions are high. Subsurface drip irrigation is a promising management solution that can limit emissions via targeted rhizosphere access to water and nitrogenous fertilizers. In complementary field studies in southern California, we compared per-yield irrigation and soil emissions in surface- and drip-irrigated field plots growing alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) and sudangrass (Sorghum bicolor ssp. Sudanese), two forage crops with differing fertilizer requirements. For each study, we monitored soil temperature, moisture, and emission responses to irrigation in both spring and summer using a custom automated chamber array that recorded measurements every 30 minutes. We found that, compared to furrow irrigation, drip irrigation in sudangrass increased hay yield by 6% and per-yield soil CO2 emissions by 9% while it decreased irrigation demand by 49%, N2O emissions by 59%, and NO by 49%. In alfalfa, drip irrigation increased yield by 7% while decreasing irrigation by 1%, per-yield soil CO2 emissions by 59%, N2O by 38%, and NO by 20%. In both crops, differences between irrigation types were strongest in summer months, when high temperatures produced large pulses of N2O and NO in sudangrass and CO2 in alfalfa following flood irrigation relative to small pulses following drip irrigation. As agriculture intensifies in warmer climates, implementation of subsurface drip irrigation can help reduce the emission of soil emissions that affect Earth's climate and regional air quality. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Notwithstanding appliance energy efficiency and advances in Smart Home Technologies (SHT), residential energy consumption is still on the rise. Residential Energy Management Information Systems (REMIS) that enable users to monitor, analyse, and benchmark energy use and consumption can contribute to energy savings and mitigate unnecessary consumption. Nevertheless, the withdrawal of Microsoft's Hohm and Google's Powermeter and the low adoption rate of smart meters in the US, UK, Canada, and Australia signposts missed opportunities in reducing energy intensity. Thus, the question of how to influence the successful adoption of REMIS and other related sustainable technologies captivates both researchers and practitioners. In this paper, based on a conceptual model developed by integrating the theory of planned behaviour and pro-environment behaviour research, we analysed survey data from 208 Singapore testbed eco-town apartment precinct households. The study found that environmental altruism and sustainability information exposure induce normative pressures towards REMIS use and a sense of volitional control over REMIS use. Furthermore, presence of children and the apartment size moderate the causal relationship between attitude, subjective norm and perceived behavioural control concerning REMIS adoption. These findings offer theoretical and empirical insights to cleaner production, residential energy consumption research and other sustainable technologies use that can contribute to UN's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). It also discusses the strategic, policy and design implications for energy and technology providers, and residential energy users. © 2022
Who constitutes the top management team (TMT)? What are the boundary conditions that distinguish the TMT from other managers? Despite nearly four decades of TMT research, the concept of the TMT remains poorly defined and often goes undefined in empirical TMT research. We conducted a review of the TMT literature to better understand how the TMT construct is conceptualized and operationalized, to identify gaps in alignment and consistency, and to develop a roadmap for scholars to improve both aspects of the literature. We review all TMT-related papers published in Financial Times 50 (FT50) journals between 1984 and 2019. Our analysis reveals (1) a wide discrepancy in conceptual definitions of the TMT among the minority of studies actually providing a conceptual definition, (2) operationalizations seemingly based more on data availability rather than alignment with a conceptual definition, and as a result, (3) an overall lack of coherence in understanding of the TMT phenomenon. We explore these challenges, develop a definition of the TMT that integrates insight from the academic and practitioner communities, and build a roadmap for future TMT and upper echelons research. © The Author(s) 2022.
Studies related to the competencies of clinical nurse leaders as an advanced practice demonstrate that they are an asset to health organizations. However, it is pertinent to use an instrument to measure the self-efficacy of clinical nurse leaders in Portugal to facilitate managers’ decision-making. In this study, we aimed to translate, adapt, and validate the Clinical Nurse Leader Self-Efficacy Scale for the Portuguese cultural context. This is a quantitative, observational, and descriptive cross-sectional study. The sample of this study was non-probabilistic and intentional, consisting of 329 nurses responsible for shift and specialist nurses. The translation and validation process followed the internationally recognized guidelines on the psychometric properties of measurement instruments. The factor analysis explained 62.1% of the variance and had a seven-dimensional structure. The seven factors were: Patient-Centred Care; Unit Management; Clinical Leadership; Strategic Leadership; Team Management; Cost Reduction; and Care Planning. The confirmatory analysis showed that the seven-factor model achieved a suitable adjustment in the Portuguese context. The self-efficacy scale for clinical nurse leaders can be considered a valid and reliable instrument for application in Portugal in any care context. This scale allows the assessment of the nurse’s perception of their ability to intervene effectively as a clinical leader in their care team. © 2022 by the authors.
The alpine infrastructure of trails and huts enables access to the Alps and is an essential element of summer tourism. Mass movements, whose frequency and magnitude are expected to increase due to extreme rainfall events associated with climate change, frequently affect this infrastructure. Alpine associations need to adopt new ways within their management and maintenance to cope with the expected effects. An option is the use of susceptibility maps to assess the impact of mass movements on the alpine infrastructure network at a regional scale. Thus, this study aimed to assess the mass movement susceptibility of alpine hut and trail infrastructure in a popular hiking area in the Salzkammergut region in Austria. Two statistical susceptibility mapping approaches (logistic regression and informative value) were applied, assessed for their accuracy, and compared. The susceptibility of the alpine infrastructure to mass movements was calculated for trails and huts. Field validation was performed in a mass movement hotspot within the study area. The resulting mass movement susceptibility maps show similar patterns for areas with low and high susceptibility for both methods but are influenced by the completeness of the mass movement inventory and the quality of the conditioning factors. Both methods presented a prediction rate above 68%, with a higher rate for the logistic regression method. The informative value, however, presented more reliable results during the field validation. Discussions with Alpine associations show the potential of susceptibility mapping to aid strategic alpine infrastructure management by providing an overview of susceptible alpine trails and huts. © 2022 The Authors
The literature on marketing, operations management, and strategy has investigated the impacts of a firm’s supplier network structure and complexity on its financial, environmental, and innovation performance. However, our understanding of how the global supply chain complexities of a multinational enterprise (MNE) affect its international business performance (IBP) is limited. We draw on both the business network theory and information search literature to propose that the various complexity dimensions (e.g., horizontal, vertical, and spatial) of an MNE’s global supply chain have different influences on its subsequent IBP. We argue – and empirically validate – that collaboration, a network orchestration mechanism, enables an MNE to leverage the benefits of complex relationships. Using a dataset of 185 firms taken from multiple industries over 6 years, we show how such complexities have differential effects. In multiple post hoc analyses, we demonstrate how an MNE’s marketing intensity, the interconnectedness among its supply members, and its top management team (TMT)’s international experience all have unique impacts. This study contributes to the existing literature on global supply chain complexity by demonstrating how it can influence MNEs’ IBP. Moreover, we contribute to the strategic IBP literature by outlining effective global supply chain improvement strategies. © 2022, Academy of International Business.
Strategic management is a vital part of every industry; however, the COVID-19 crisis has further escalated the importance of strategic management and adaptability in the higher education industry. The convergence of digital, information and communication technologies coupled with lockdown measures imposed due to the COVID-19 pandemic has catalysed the adoption of digital platforms and technologies for online teaching and learning in higher education. This qualitative paper aims to examine the viewpoints of and challenges faced by students and lecturers pertaining to digital platforms and technologies in higher education during the COVID-19 pandemic. The research methodology encompasses the use of a networking approach; 80 interviews were conducted with 38 students and 42 university lecturers in Europe, Australia, North America, and Asia. The selection of a sample was undertaken by means of a gatekeeper strategy combined with convenience sampling, while the saturation point was used as a benchmark to reach a representative sample size. The results revealed that digital platforms and technologies facilitate a participative teaching style and improve the learning capabilities of students. The results further highlight the fact that break-out rooms, pre-class videos and creative learning activities promote higher levels of student attendance and engagement. Furthermore, the results demonstrate that, despite the significant development of digital technologies and information and communication technologies (ICTs), both lecturers and students prefer traditional face-to-face teaching because it offers greater emotional connectivity. Major challenges unearthed include poor connectivity, a higher incidence of depression, feelings of self-isolation and a lack of emotional engagement. Recommendations and implications for the higher education industry relating to remote learning are presented in the latter part of this paper. © 2022, WSB University. All rights reserved.
In view of the financing dilemma of green innovation of manufacturers in the e-commerce supply chain, we build a strategy evolution game model between manufacturers and e-commerce platforms and describe the dynamic evolution law of manufacturers choosing green innovation and platforms choosing green financing. Combined with numerical simulation, the factors affecting green innovation and green financing decisions are analyzed and strategic suggestions are put forward. The conclusions are as follows: (1) There is a unique evolutionary equilibrium strategy for dynamic behavioral decision-making between manufacturers and e-commerce platforms; (2) Green innovation and green financing are beneficial to both players of the game; (3) Whether the platform provides green financing services for manufacturers is affected by factors such as commissions, additional benefits brought by green innovation or green financing, and financing amounts. This paper enriches the research on green strategies for e-commerce supply chains, provides suggestions for green innovation and financing cooperation between e-commerce platforms and manufacturers, and further promotes the green development of the manufacturing industry. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The sea is the key to conducting sustainable scientific research and achieving strategic development of economic and environmental goals. The international community attaches great importance to the coordinated development of marine ecology, environment and socio-economic growth, and Europe has taken the lead in conducting relevant research. In recent years, although China has gradually tried to use quantitative and precise models for spatial planning, it still lacks a scientific logic - from theory to methodology - to address marine spatial planning. Based on the previous study of ecological and environmental quality and socio-economic development, this paper advocates the application logic of marine resources and ecological carrying capacity (MRECC) and marine use suitability (MUS). The Wenzhou City in Zhejiang Province was selected as the research area and MRECC is measured by four dimensions: spatial development of the marine area, fishery resources, environment and ecology. Two types of typical marine use, fishing use and construction use, were selected as the suitability for analysis to determine the optimal spatial arrangement of the sea and to assess the spatial conflict of the sea in Wenzhou. The results show that: (1) the comprehensive carrying capacity index of the marine area varies greatly among the districts and counties of Wenzhou city, and the resources and environment are highly differentiated. Longwan and Dongtou counties are overburdened with fishery resource development; Yueqing city and Longwan county are overburdened with marine environment. (2) There are only a few suitable areas for fisheries, and these are distributed in the nearshore area. The unsuitable areas are concentrated in the Oujiang River, Feiyun River and Aojiang River estuary. The areas that are particularly suitable for marine construction are concentrated in the coastal waters. The water depth in the near-shore area is far from urban settlements, which is not suitable for marine construction and development. (3) The spatial conflict phenomena in Cangnan County and Pingyang County are less - the spatial arrangement of marine planning is more reasonable. Yueqing City, Longwan County and Dongtou County have significant conflicts in the arrangement of marine fishery use and need to be optimised. Overall, the intensive development of the sea affects the carrying capacity and suitability of the sea, and inevitably leads to conflicts in the sea. Marine protection and development urgently require active management measures and sound spatial planning. The implementation of targeted and marine spatial planning with “double assessment” is of great importance for coastal spatial planning and an important means to achieve sustainable development of the marine economy. Therefore, the recommendations are to implement environmental protection of coastal areas, improve the level of marine development and balance the development of marine areas to promote the sustainable development of the region. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Manuscript type: Research paper Research aims: This study examines the impact of CEO characteristics on the capital structure of non-financial listed companies in Sri Lanka Design/methodology/approach: This study employs multiple regression selecting a sample based on a data set from a panel of 123 mainboard listed companies which covers all the non-financial sectors of the Colombo Stock Exchange for an eight-year period from 2012 to 2019. Research findings: This study finds a significant positive relationship between male CEOs and capital structure. It suggests that male CEOs tend to employ more debt within the capital structure due to their aggressive nature and overconfidence. Similarly, this study finds a significant positive relationship between CEO’s age and capital structure. The evidence provides that as they age, CEOs tend to have more experience, better risk management capabilities, and enhanced business sense to take proper financing decisions at the right time with more debt financing. Theoretical contribution/originality: Since there is no research conducted on CEO characteristics and capital structure in the Sri Lankan context, this study has made a significant contribution to the local literature and mitigates the gap in the frontier market literature. Practitioner/policy implications: The findings are helpful for the organisations when appointing key decision-makers to run the organisation and make strategic choices based on formulating corporate policies among debt and equity. Research limitation: The study has been limited to six CEO characteristics; there are other factors such as risk appetite levels that may have implications and the study has not focused on any impact towards real financing decisions. © 2022, University of Malaya. All rights reserved.
This study explored a moderated mediation model, which is based on the assumption about the direct relationship between teachers’ autonomy-supportive behaviours and students’ learning strategies and via perceived classroom management as well as the effect of growth mindset for the relationships between (1) teachers’ autonomy-supportive behaviours and learning strategies applied by students and (2) perceived classroom management and learning strategies applied by students. Data were collected from 23 secondary schools in municipalities in Lithuania with low SES (socioeconomic status) contexts (N = 581 students). The results showed that teachers’ autonomysupportive behaviours are directly and positively related to the increased use of learning strategies applied by the student. The perceived classroom management mediates the relationship between teachers’ autonomy-supportive behaviours and learning strategies applied by the students. In this case, we have an inconsistent mediation, so the mediator acts as a suppressor (the indirect path through mediator is negative, while the direct is positive). The growth mindset does not moderate the relationship between perceived teachers’ autonomy supportive behaviours and the students’ use of learning strategies, but growth mindset moderates the relationship between perceived classroom management and learning strategies applied by the student. For students with a lower or moderate growth mindset, greater perceived classroom management is related to the lesser use of learning strategies. However, for those with a higher growth mindset, greater perceived classroom management is related to greater use of learning strategies. This study contributes to the understanding of the importance of teachers’ behaviours for students’ learning by focusing on classroom management and growth mindset. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Environmental issues such as the progressive loss of biodiversity on a global scale and climate change cannot be separated from other territorial problems caused by social injustice, economic inequality, access to natural resources, gender violence and the fight for human and nature’s rights. The evaluation of biodiversity management strategies must by necessity draw on a retrospective look at the interpretation of the problem and the conceptual approach of the general territorial management policies in which they are framed. From a critical view, these approaches have different nuances depending on the historical journey, theories and main actors involved with territorial policies in different regions of the world. In this work, we apply qualitative content analysis to contrast the key concepts on which the main European territorial policies of recent decades have been based with the main guidelines of the emerging Latin American territorial perspectives. Thus, we seek to initiate a dialogue between the northern hemisphere’s globally hegemonic notions of nature, territory, biodiversity and its management and new theories and proposals from the South, whilst simultaneously contrasting both with the content of the latest Convention on Biological Biodiversity Strategic Plan 2011–2020. We conclude with some recommendations aimed at building bridges and contributing to the construction of future global conservation strategies from a critical and territorial perspective that tends towards integrating sustainability with social and environmental justice. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The internal and external monitoring mechanism is a beneficial monitoring mode which is in line with the current national condition, the situation of the power grid, and the construction progress of the power spot market. However, the independence of third-party monitoring agencies cannot be completely guaranteed because of the incomplete management system of China’s electricity market at present. Therefore, the market is prone to power rent-seeking in which third-party monitoring agencies conspire with the market internal monitoring organization. Based on the evolutionary game theory, this study constructed a coordination game model between third-party monitoring agencies and the market internal monitoring organization, as well as an asymmetric coordination game model between the interest group composed of internal and external monitoring agencies and government regulatory authorities. By analyzing the evolutionarily stable strategy of each game participant, the study identified the underlying factors that affect the strategic choices made by internal and external monitoring agencies and government regulatory authorities and then put forward some reasonable suggestions for reducing the probability of third-party monitoring agencies colluding with internal monitoring organizations so that the efficiency of internal and external monitoring mechanisms can be improved. Copyright © 2022 Jin, Liu, Chen, Ji and Wang.
Role theories examine how individual behavior is shaped by prevailing social roles and provide insights into how behavior is perceived by others in light of such roles. Current movements for police reform as well as the landmark decision by the U.S. Supreme Court concerning the employment rights of LGBTQIA individuals have brought conversations concerning roles and their potential impact to the forefront of public discourse. Academic perspectives in management research have aided in building knowledge concerning how roles impact individuals and organizations in a variety of research domains, including entrepreneurship, human resource management, organizational behavior, and strategic management. While the utilization of role theory has gained tremendous momentum over the past two decades, its central tenets are often blurred given that several related but unique perspectives surrounding roles exist in the literature. We trace the origins and development of specific role theories by defining central constructs to bring clarity to the conceptual ambiguities between various role theories and key concepts. Next, we provide an integrative review of empirical role research in management journals over the past 20 years. Here, we identify the five most prominent research themes in the management literature: roles and identity, work–nonwork interface, biases and stereotypes, career life cycles, and ethics and other-oriented behavior. Finally, we provide an agenda for future research that highlights missed opportunities in management research that draws from the key themes identified in our review. © The Author(s) 2022.
Natural gas plays a strategic role in energy transition. For instance, the Chinese government regards coal-to-gas transition as a medium-term emission mitigation option, resulting in growths in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) shipping import volumes. However, LNG terminal receiving capacity and domestic tanker fleet capacity insufficiencies become bottlenecks impacting LNG supply efficiency and security. This study analyses to which extent LNG shipping import growth accelerates under natural gas consumption growth, domestic production reduction and pipeline import reduction scenarios, then evaluates LNG terminal capacities and tanker fleet capacities needed to accommodate the respective LNG import volumes. An innovative System Dynamics model is developed based on historical data, policies and market information using China as a case. It found that consumption growths or alternative supply reductions by over 5% beyond the baseline simulation will cause LNG terminal overloads. Even in the baseline scenario without any unexpected supply or demand change, China's domestically owned LNG tankers only meet 49% of its LNG shipping import demand. Hence, the government is recommended to coordinate national energy strategies and sector-level planning. Terminal operators need to accelerate capacity expansions. Domestic shipping companies can invest in large-sized tankers to reduce LNG tankers deployed and relieve the dependency on foreign fleets. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Ecological restoration efforts at scale have been shown to play an important role in reducing human impact on the environment, improving climate change adaptation and halting extinctions globally. Upscaling restoration efforts requires funding, and therefore evidence of the benefits of restoration is needed. This study aims to contribute towards addressing these gaps by: (1) bolstering the evidence base of the water-related impacts of investment into ecological restoration by improving the methods of predicting the streamflow impacts of alien tree clearing; and (2) exploring the potential size of the variability in catchment responses at a fine-scale (60x60 m) in one particular region by comparing four different neighbouring catchments. We model the impacts on streamflow in four strategic water providing catchments using the fully-distributed MIKE-SHE modelling tool. We find that the benefits of clearing mature infestations of alien trees, such as pines, from naturally tree-less ecosystems can increase available surface water resources by 15.1 to 29.5%. Clearing riparian invasions is predicted to have a 1.7 times greater impact compared to terrestrial (non-riparian) invasions. The largest modelled impact of restoration on streamflow is on the mid to low flows, and this impact is greater in dry years relative to wet years. The findings are novel in that they shed light on the types of spatial uncertainties that can be expected in modelled gains, with implications for generalisation. These findings are important for leveraging investment to upscale restoration efforts in water scarce regions, as they suggest improved water security during the dry season and droughts. Upscaling efforts is essential if the degradation of ecosystems globally is to be prevented, halted and reversed, as proposed by the United Nations Decade on Ecosystem Restoration. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Increasing population and improving living standards have continued to amplify the consumption of textiles and apparel, which has created challenges in resource management and sustainable development. In this context, renting-based collaborative consumption business models (CCBMs) have received considerable attention in recent times. Consumption through renting allows the replacement of ‘ownership’ of a product to ‘usership’ which creates new opportunities for the companies as well as for the customers. For the development of renting-based CCBMs or decision making in rental activities by the companies, one of the fundamental requirements is the baseline characterization of consumers’ renting pattern – which includes general rent duration, renting frequency, inventory management, rental product movement, etc. – that acts as input from the operational aspect of a rental business. In this context, the paper aims at investigating the general renting characteristics for workwear garments through data analysis of about 5.4 million garment-rents to multiple business customers over 6 years. Further, the implications of the renting characteristics are investigated through discrete event simulations under various scenarios of inventory management by the customers. The findings from the study are anticipated to help the rental companies in operational and strategic decision-making. © 2022 The Author(s)
A key goal in sustainable supply chain management is the minimisation of risk across supply chains. However, this is jeopardised by underdeveloped aspects such as social risk management, especially in the case of energy systems as they involve complex supply chains. This article constitutes the first time that Social Life Cycle Assessment (S-LCA) is used to lay the foundation for a methodological framework to define, assess and prioritise strategies oriented towards the minimisation of social life-cycle impacts across the supply chain of energy products. This framework combines S-LCA, a novel approach to the definition of alternative supply chain strategies, and multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA). It was demonstrated through a case study of bioelectricity in Portugal by defining and assessing fifteen strategies on the specific supply chains of oil and fertilisers to check their suitability to enhance the system's social life-cycle performance. The weighted sum method (WSM) and Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) were used as MCDA tools to further support decision-making by prioritising strategies. According to the results for a set of six social indicators, the strategies proposed on the supply of oil and nitrogen-based fertilisers were deemed suitable trade-off solutions to mitigate the social life-cycle impact of the bioelectricity system. © 2022 The Authors
Shoreline evolution studies are fundamental to assess the rate of beach accretion or retreatment. In the last years, researchers developed many methods with several techniques belonging to different disciplines and backgrounds. Nowadays, the Shoreline Change Analysis (SCA) is the most widespread method to assess shoreline evolution. In fact, the SCA is needed to perform management strategies able to respond to current erosion or potential future erosion problems. This paper presents a new approach using an automatic method for SCA with accuracy and speed improvements. Indeed, in the framework of the management of coastal erosion and to develop an adaptation plan to coastal hazards it is necessary to study the links existing between coastal and marine morphological transformations. A new tool was written in Matlab, the input files were built using a GIS environment and the results were arranged in a GIS project. The present tool adopts two approaches: the Transect Based Analysis (TBA) and the Area Based Analysis (ABA). New roughness and irregularity indexes were defined to calculate the transects’ spacing. Moreover, a piecewise polynomial baseline was defined to improve accuracy in shoreline position assessment. The approaches TBA and ABA were validated both by synthetic benchmarks and by a study case. The adopted synthetic benchmarks represent very common types of beaches: with one or more salients, with cusps and groynes. The case study was a logarithmic spiral Mediterranean beach on the southwestern coast of Sicily. All the studied test cases provided good results in terms of accuracy and easiness of use. The new tool and methodology, with TBA and ABA coupling, encloses many practical aspects. Indeed, ABA allows the general assessment of advancing/retreating beach areas, whereas TBA is needed to study very short stretches of beach. The proposed SCA analysis is useful for the requirements of a complete coastal management plan and to evaluate erosion management options. Moreover, the SCA gives a sound technical understanding of the physical coastal processes and should engage the community, the stakeholders and the agencies responsible for development application decisions. The new approach gives high-quality results achieved with significant speediness making it suitable for regional studies and directly providing parameters needed for erosion managing strategies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This study examines elements of knowledge management (KM) applied during the treatment of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and proposes a KM framework that can be applied to respond quickly to a new virus outbreak. Following a content analysis of the press conferences held in China, this study found that various elements of KM, including strategic KM, the knowledge codification strategy vs. the knowledge personalization strategy, a knowledge-friendly culture, knowledge-based leadership, KM-based human resource management, and KM-related information technologies, were widely used by Chinese authorities and healthcare workers to improve treatment effectiveness for COVID-19 patients. This paper provides a unique case study on how KM helps the government and the healthcare workers to respond to an unexpected public hygiene crisis.i. © 2022 The Authors. Knowledge and Process Management published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Adaptation to climate change and sustainable development have become core elements of international, European, and national policies and strategies. At worst, adaptation to climate change can trigger negative responses—maladaptation—in terms of raising greenhouse-gas emissions and exacerbating the vulnerability of specific groups of people, which both run counter to sustainable development principles. Thus, the integration of sustainable climate change adaptation objectives into a sustainable development framework can pave the way for planning scenarios, in which resilience intertwines with sustainability. Studies concerning this issue are quite lacking, and methods useful for assessing the relationship ‘adaptation-sustainable development’ are scarcely investigated. In this study, we focus on environmental sustainability and aim at proposing and applying a method for assessing the coherence between climate change adaptation objectives and sustainable development objectives (i.e., national strategic goals) included in the Italian National Adaptation Plan to Climate Change and, respectively, in the National Sustainable Development Strategy. We found that most adaptation objectives appear to be unrelated with national strategic goals, while none of them clearly hinder environmental sustainability, that is, the adaptation objectives are not inclined to promote maladaptation. There is still plenty of room to work on sustainable adaptation objectives to be consistent with sustainable development ones. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Facing the challenge of the new normal, mainstream public opinion advises China to adopt a conservative strategy of “slowing down the growth and lowering the leverage.” This paper proposes an alternative compatible idea of “stabilizing the growth and lowering the leverage.” For this purpose, the study first describes the investment and credit-led mode as well as the dilemma confronted by China with an identity equation to deliberate the harmonic role played by the efficiency of aggregate social financing increments. The empirical work uses data from 31 regions in China from the first quarter of 2014 to the first quarter of 2018 as observations. The outcome shows that, if the aggregate social financing increment reaches full efficiency, the rate of output growth could provide a chance to stabilize in the short term up to around 10%, while the surging leverage and debt ratio could become moderate. There should also be an opportunity to eliminate the threat of financial risks in the medium term if combined with the deployment and implementation of ongoing supporting measures. This paper recommends a three-step strategy of promoting efficiency, easing the risks and optimizing the structure. The expectation of “stabilizing the growth and lowering the leverage” would not be unachievable. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Salinization is a main concern for coastal aquifers due to climate change and incremental anthropogenic pressure. The Mediterranean area is particularly sensitive to this process, being several coastal aquifers already affected by seawater intrusion. The Fano coastal aquifer, located in the northern part of the Adriatic Sea (Italy), has a regional importance since it supplies drinkable water to the local communities and may be subjected to salinization given its intrinsic vulnerability and the awaited human and climate pressure. In this work, for the first time a detailed hydrogeochemical and isotopic study on the Fano shallow aquifer is presented to highlight the quality of this groundwater system. The hydrological, geochemical and isotopic data indicate a strong nitrate contamination in the central part of the basin, forcing the local water management company to inject low-NO3 waters from the main river course (Metauro River) to reduce the impact due to the N-bearing species. Differently from other coastal aquifers located along the Adriatic Sea where the seawater wedge is deteriorating most groundwater systems, our results and geochemical modeling suggest that the shallow aquifer of Fano is not apparently affected by salinization. This achievement makes this aquifer suitable for assessing whether the groundwater system might be evolving toward a seawater-contaminated aquifer. According to the proposed hydrogeochemical conceptual model, a monitor network should be deployed by the local authorities and the water management company to take appropriate measures to minimize the risk of seawater intrusion, should the hydrogeochemical and isotopic parameters indicate an incipient ingression of seawater. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
BACKGROUND: The 1980s to 1990s saw many health systems in the United States enter and exit the insurance market in the form of provider-sponsored health plans (PSHPs). Reforms and value-based reimbursement methods have stimulated health care organizations to reconsider PSHP as a logical strategy. PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to examine market and organizational factors associated with PSHP ownership and motivations for engaging in PSHP after health care reforms. The resource dependence theory was used as a theoretical lens. METHODOLOGY/APPROACH: A sequential quantitative to qualitative mixed-methods design was used. The quantitative analysis examined data for 5,849 U.S. hospitals. Results were synthesized with qualitative findings from 10 semistructured interviews representing eight health systems in five states. RESULTS: Organizational and environmental characteristics were significantly associated with PSHP ownership. Hospital and payer concentration, Medicare penetration, income, unemployment rate, government, and for-profit and metro area hospitals were associated with a lower likelihood of PSHP ownership. Salaried physician arrangements, clinically integrated network membership and adoption of other risk-bearing arrangements were associated with higher odds of PSHP ownership. Interviewees described PSHP as the culmination of the journey to value-based care and as a strategy to improve patient care, compete, and diversify revenue streams. CONCLUSIONS: Both market and organizational factors are important considerations for hospitals contemplating PSHP ownership, and motivations for ownership cover a broad range of financial, competitive, strategic, and mission-based goals. PRACTICE IMPLICATIONS: Hospitals considering PSHP ownership must carefully evaluate their competitive landscapes and organizational resources to ensure optimal conditions for this strategy. PSHP ownership has high start-up costs and requires a long-term organizational commitment. Copyright © 2021 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Research Summary: Many scholars bemoan the difficulty of learning from individual research reports. Replication is often prescribed as a salve, but few replications are conducted, and even fewer allow the formation of a coherent understanding. In this article, we propose a complement to replication that emphasizes the mapping of epistemic uncertainties. We demonstrate our approach by exploring the results of six related studies on the link between social and financial performance. We show that our method allows the synthesis of seemingly conflicting findings, and we propose that it should be used proactively, prior to replication, to speed the growth of knowledge. Managerial Summary: Any single empirical study provides a weak basis for inference. As a result, scholars advocate repeated analysis of important issues, but evidence from replications can be hard to integrate into a coherent understanding. For example, six important studies of the link between corporate social and financial performance have been published in this journal, but their conflicting results have defied integration. We show that a new approach to empirical research allows their reconciliation: all six suggest that across firms, social and financial performance are correlated but that improvements in social performance seldom precede increased financial performance. © 2021 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
With the accelerated pace of energy reform, State Grid Corporation of China has actively formulated and implemented a big data strategy, established a big data center, tapped the value of massive energy data resources, improved the data asset management system, and used data to drive management reform and transformation and upgrading. In order to optimize the current energy investment and financing system, this paper attempts to analyze the problems existing in the current rural energy investment and financing system and explore the digital transformation of energy enterprises based on data mining technology. Based on energy big data, this paper constructs an intelligent energy investment and financing system with energy investment and financing mechanism, and emphatically analyzes the factors that influence the strategic choice of each participant, in order to seek the strategy of evolution and stability. Higher emission reduction targets will prompt enterprises to increase their emission reduction efforts, increase their demand for carbon quotas, and at the same time increase the total amount of carbon quotas that can be allocated in the market, resulting in a decline in market clearing carbon prices. In the process of socialist development in the new period, we should seize the opportunity, proceed from the whole, make overall plans, clarify the future development direction, and make bold innovations in financing methods. © 2022
For retailers, carrying inventories may force suppliers to lower wholesale prices in their future transactions. Previous literature on strategic inventories has assumed that the unit production cost of the supplier is negligible. In practice, the production cost is the supplier's private information. In this research, we study the impact of supplier's cost misreporting behavior on supply chain decisions in a two-period strategic inventory basic model consisting of a retailer and a supplier. We find that the retailer's retention of strategic inventories can incentivize the supplier to misreport costs. As the retailer carries inventories, the supplier can misreport a higher cost, thus increasing the wholesale price and supplier's profit margins. Moreover, we find that misreporting behavior hurts the retailer and exacerbates the double marginalization effect, leading to inefficiency in the supply chain. The supplier's profit is further improved when the supplier can misreport the different costs in each period. When we consider competition from downstream retailers, only if both two retailers do not hold strategic inventories, can they prevent the supplier from misreporting. The retailer's detection measures are needed to ensure the coordination role of strategic inventory. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In order to explore new approaches of training postgraduates of taught postgraduate programs, this paper proposed an analysis method to discuss the supply-side influencing factors of "vocational master of education"using the interpretative structural model (ISM). The research results showed that the quality of postgraduates, recruitment plan and the number of graduated students are the direct influencing factors of the supply side of "vocational master of education". Teaching with practices, dissertation, postgraduate management, employment policy and the actual recruitment are the necessary influencing factors. Training program and courses, faculty, basic environment, entrance examination, program promotion, professional direction and planned enrolment are the indirect influencing factors. The strategic environment, the profession of secondary vocational schools and the demand of teachers in these schools are the fundamental influencing factors. Therefore, when studying the supply side of "vocational master of education", we analysed top-down with specific emphasis on its hierarchy to strengthen the synergy effect of the subject.  © 2022 World Scientific Publishing Co.
Purpose: Voice assistants (VAs) empower human–computer interactions by recognising human speech and implementing commands pronounced by users. This paper aims to investigate VA-enabled interactions between hotels and guests in the hospitality context. The research positions VAs within the artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled Internet of Things (IoT) context, disrupting old practices and processes. Smart hospitality uses VAs to support effortless value cocreation for guests cost-effectively. The research examines consumer perceptions and expectations of hospitality VAs and explores VA capabilities through expert technology providers. Design/methodology/approach: This empirical paper investigates the current use and future implications of VAs for hotel environments. It uses qualitative, semi-structured in-depth interviews with 7 expert hospitality VA technology providers and 21 hotel guests who have VA experience. The research adopts a demand and supply approach, addressing the VAs in hospitality holistically. Findings: The findings illustrate the requirements from both end-users’ sides, hotels and guests, exploring VA advantages and challenges. The analysis demonstrates that VAs increasingly become digital assistants. VA technology helps hotels to improve customer service, expand operational capability and reduce costs. Although in its infancy, VA technology has made progress towards optimising hotel operations and upgrading customer service. The study proposes a speech-enabled interactions model. Research limitations/implications: This research stimulates the transformation of hospitality services by using VAs and the development of smart hospitality and tourism ecosystems. The study can benefit from further research with hotel managers, to reflect hoteliers’ points of view and investigate their perception of VAs. Further research can also explore different aspects of consumer–VA interaction in different contexts. Practical implications: The paper makes a significant contribution to hospitality management and human–computer interaction best practices. It supports technology providers to reconsider how to develop suitable technology solutions towards improving their strategic competitiveness. It also explains how to use VAs cost-effectively and profitably while adding value to travellers’ experience. Originality/value: VA studies are often focussed on the technology in private households, rather than in commercial or hotel spaces. This paper contributes to the emerging literature on AI and IoT in smart hospitality and explores the acceptance and operationalisation of VAs. The research contributes to the conceptualisation of VA-enabled hotel services and explores positive and negative features, as well as future prospects. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The geographical position of the Indonesian archipelago is quite strategic to serve as the central maritime across continents. Abundant coastal and marine resources in Indonesia have not given any significant contribution to economic and national development. On a national scale, aquaculture management is expected to be sustainably performed and bring welfare to the locals. Aquaculture management in Indonesia is also expected to be more integrated in the future, as pertinent to the environmental capacity to allow the empowerment of the coastal people and islets. Marine resources and fisheries management require comprehensive, integrated, and appropriately-addressed policies. This article is emphasized on the urgency of law reform and trans-sectoral participation-based enforcement model, involving NGOs, business sectors, local community, and government that are integrated to underpin the food security agenda. This article opines that Indonesia needs to adopt SDGs framework in the design of aquaculture regulation in the time to come and merge the utilization and the development of technology proportionally, which is expected to yield civilized social, economic, and environmental sustainability. © 2022, BIOFLUX SRL. All rights reserved.
Warfare drove depletion of forests and forest management in the early modern world, as states required increasing control over timber resources to support their growing militaries. East Asia was no exception. Scholars have shown how the Chosŏn Korean state tightened control over forests via its navy during the seventeenth century, following invasions by the Japanese hegemon Toyotomi Hideyoshi between 1592 and 1598. This devastating conflict between China, Korea, and Japan was the largest war of the sixteenth-century world. The vast size of the Japanese invasion fleets, the naval battles that were fought along the Korean coastline, and the building of fortresses throughout the occupied parts of the peninsula meant timber was of paramount significance during the war. The Korean island of Kŏje was of particular strategic importance both for its location on the southern coast facing Japan and for the high-quality pine lumber produced there. This article explores the exploitation and protection of the forest environment of Kŏje during the war, focusing on a four-month period at the start of 1597 when tensions came to a head. The case of Kŏje shows the efficacy of direct management of forests by naval forces, as well as the results of a clash between early modern Chinese, Japanese, and Korean state cultures of timber control. The management of Kŏje’s timber by the Chosŏn navy during the war also helps explain why it was the navy that was later given administrative responsibility for managing forests in the postwar period. © 2022 Forest History Society and American Society for Environmental History. All rights reserved.
Large energy infrastructure can imply special financing arrangements between governments in developing economies and investors or lenders. These arrangements can lead to economy-wide and sector-specific impacts which need to be considered in the project economic evaluation. By considering the case of the Bui Dam in Ghana, we use a macroeconomic approach to determine how the economic performance of critical energy infrastructure manifests during the construction, financing and operation phases. The analysis uses an integrated modelling framework that combines a Computable General Equilibrium (CGE) model of Ghana with a water balance model of the Lower Volta River Basin. The results highlight the importance of including indirect and induced effects, in addition to the direct effects from project operation, as they influence the scale and temporal evolution of the economic impacts. The collateral from the infrastructure loan agreement consisting in cocoa exports to China nearly doubles the project's positive GDP impact and has a significant multiplier effect over urban and rural household income compared to a standard commercial loan. We finish with a discussion of how the proposed investment-oriented modelling framework can contribute to ex-ante strategic assessments of proposed energy infrastructure in developing countries. © 2021
This study presents a novel life cycle assessment-based framework for low-impact offshore oil spill response waste (OSRW) management. The framework consists of design of experiment, life cycle assessment (LCA), multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA), operational cost analysis, and generation of regression models for impact prediction. The framework is applied to four OSRW management strategies as different combinations of solid and liquid oily waste collection, segregation, transportation, and treatment/disposal technologies. Hypothetical scenarios based on oily waste compositions are developed, and the associated environmental impacts and operational costs are evaluated. The LCA results show that oily waste composition accounts for < 5% of the total environmental impacts. Chemical demulsification has the highest total impacts due to high marine ecotoxicity and human toxicity, followed by incineration and transportation. The cost analysis reveals that the strategy comprised of centrifugation and landfilling is most preferable while the combination of chemical demulsification and incineration is least favorable. The strategy of combined use of centrifugation and landfilling is ranked as the most suitable in the MCDA. Regression models are developed to predict environmental impacts based on important factors. The framework can help waste management practitioners select low-impact strategies for handling offshore OSRW. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Manureshed management seeks to address systemic imbalances in nutrient distributions at scales beyond the farmgate and potentially across county and state boundaries. The U.S. poultry industry, which includes broilers, layers, pullets, and turkeys, has many characteristics that are compatible with achieving a vision of manureshed management, including a history of engaging in local and regional programs to better distribute manure resources. Despite widespread vertical integration that supports large-scale strategic decision making and dry manures that favor off-farm transport, there are still many challenges to poultry manureshed management that require engaging stakeholders other than just the poultry industry. Analysis of county-level nutrient budgets highlights the industry's “mega-manureshed,” extending from the Mid-Atlantic, across the southeast, and into northwest Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Texas. The analysis also identifies areas with legacy nutrient build-up that are still present today. Implementing manureshed management in the U.S. poultry industry requires comprehensive consideration of manure treatment technologies, alternative uses such as bioenergy production, market development for treated manure products, transport of manure nutrients from source to sink areas, and manure brokering programs that promote manure nutrient distribution. Fortunately, past and present evolution and innovation within the industry places it as a likely leader of the manureshed vision. © 2021 The Authors. Journal of Environmental Quality published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society of Agronomy, Crop Science Society of America, and Soil Science Society of America. This article has been contributed to by US Government employees and their work is in the public domain in the USA.
Risk governance disclosures (RGDs) provide users with valuable information and greater corporate insights about the management, oversight and strategic direction of the organisation. However, insufficient research has been conducted in this area. RGDs reduce information asymmetry and increase transparency. This study examines the level of RGDs in the commercial banks (CBs) of a developing country where most RGDs are voluntary and made at management's discretion. The study adopted a quantitative, multi-method approach. RGDs for two publicly listed CBs in Barbados were analysed over 10 years (2007–2016) using a risk governance disclosure index (RGDI). Correlations were also used to determine if a relationship existed between the disclosures and performance. Disclosures were found to be general and non-standardized. Company-specific disclosures were infrequent, and annual disclosures were repetitive and symbolic. No significant relationships were discovered between corporate governance disclosures and performance. However, but bank performance indicators were found to be positively related to risk disclosures. A limitation of the study is that only two of the six CBs reported in a manner suitable for this study. Hence, reducing the number of observations. This was overcome through the use of a longitudinal approach which allowed for improved understanding of RG reporting practices in this sector. The results provide valuable insights which supplement the existing literature. They also provide pertinent information for standard-setters, regulators and preparers of the reports. The study contributes to the existing literature in that it examines the disclosure behaviours of CBs in a non-traditional governance model in an economy with limited research. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The ocean plays a key role in sustaining life on our planet and is inextricably linked to biodiversity, climate, human well-being, and health. However, the governance of the ocean is primarily pursued through sectoral-based legal and institutional frameworks that falls short in ensuring the long-term protection of the marine environment and the sustainability of marine resources. This is especially concerning in areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction (ABNJ) where human activities continue to expand. The existence of two distinct regimes in ABNJ, namely the High Seas (applicable to the water column, which is a global common) and the Area (applicable to the international seabed and its mineral resources, which are the common heritage of mankind), that have been largely regulated separately, impede the development and implementation of integrated marine environmental governance and biodiversity conservation in ABNJ. On the one hand, the International Seabed Authority (ISA), which is mandated to administer the mineral resources of the Area, is currently discussing a set of regulations to enable future exploitation activities. On the other hand, multilateral negotiations are taking place for the development of an internationally legally binding instrument for the conservation and sustainable use of marine biodiversity in areas beyond national jurisdiction (referred to as the proposed ‘BBNJ’ Instrument). Both processes offer a unique opportunity to foster an ecosystem approach to management (EAM) in ABNJ. In this article, we elaborate on options for stronger governance integration and the development of a coherent and collaborative interplay between these two processes. To this end, we explore the potential of Regional Environmental Management Plans (REMPs) established by the ISA as a case study to contribute to global biodiversity conservation, and the opportunity for the proposed BBNJ Instrument to promote overarching coherence to biodiversity conservation in ABNJ, premised on EAM. We conclude that the proposed BBNJ Instrument could have a pivotal role to streamline multilateral action for the conservation of biodiversity in ABNJ by adopting an ambitious, overarching environmental vision and strategic goals, accompanied by strong implementation and enforcement mechanisms. Copyright © 2022 Christiansen, Durussel, Guilhon, Singh and Unger.
Water connects all kinds of life like a thread. However, despite its indispensable roles, little attention has been paid to its effective management for generations. Water as a nonrenewable natural resource, combined with a fast-growing urban population and climate change, has exposed countries to increasing water-related risks. Even though the water-related risk is becoming a fast-expanding worldwide concern, it is largely ignored and understudied in Ethiopia. As a result, this research aims to explore water-related risks at the country and basin levels, as well as to generate information on how water-related risks may influence current and future urbanization and urban settlement so that land use and water resource management planners can make better strategic decisions. To do this, the researchers employed a deductive exploratory (quantitative) research strategy that primarily centered on desk review and spatial analysis, utilizing GIS and remote sensing. As a result, this study found that water availability per person per year is 1,109 m3, indicating that Ethiopia is experiencing water stress. According to the study, 41.6% of Ethiopians live in basins, receiving <500 m3 per capita each year. Furthermore, 178 urban centers (15%) are located in dry basins, 369 (33%) urban centers are located in low groundwater potential zones, and 315 urban centers (28.15%) are located in an area with <100-mm annual rainfall. In addition, 307 urban centers (28%) are all in high-drought-risk areas, while 307 urban centers (27%) are insignificant flood-prone areas. Overall, this study discovered that Ethiopia and its urban centers are experiencing water-related challenges. Hence, water-centric management strategies, such as water-smart community development, water-sensitive physical planning, water-smart technology, and a water-sensitive legal framework, are required to address the ongoing water risks. Copyright © 2022 Abraha, Tibebu and Ephrem.
Organizations are paying greater attention to the potential advantages that can be achieved by adopting a more strategic approach to the procurement of services. Despite services being very different from physical items in many respects, and despite their outsourcing having achieved limited gains, the procurement of services remains under-researched. To address this challenge and develop a strategic platform for new directions in future research in the area, this paper undertakes a systematic literature review of 51 articles published in 21 peer-reviewed academic journals. It reviews the applicability of supply theories to services sourcing, and compares and demonstrates the distinctiveness of services purchasing through problematizing the literature reviewed. A descriptive and thematic analysis concluded that services procurement can be classified into seven research domains: ‘service production’, ‘governance’, ‘purchasing approach’, ‘supplier selection’, ‘performance management’, ‘the service triad’ and ‘specification of requirements’. We offer a comparative framework of the services procurement process and emphasize different supply practices. The provided research directions assist scholars in identifying avenues for integrating and expanding existing knowledge. © 2021 The Authors. International Journal of Management Reviews published by British Academy of Management and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The literature on gender diversity on corporate boards is growing, yet firms' motivation for achieving such diversity remains underexplored. This study examines the potential objective behind appointing female directors that could be driven by organizational impression management based on the hypothesis that firms strategically propose to nominate female directors when they need to form a favorable impression to their stakeholders, especially in relation to executive compensation. This study analyzed annual shareholders meeting agendas for 3585 listed Japanese firms between 2011 and 2020 and found that firms placed female director appointments on the meeting agenda when they needed approval for the revision of executive compensation. This tendency was strengthened for firms with more outside directors. This study's approach and findings contribute to the literature on corporate board gender diversity by suggesting organizational impression management as a potential strategic motivation behind the appointment of female directors. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: This study aims to analyze the dynamic of front end development (discover, define and create/analysis and test phases) in the co-creation with multiple stakeholders taking into account the value creation and capture process in a strategic business, consulting project, adding knowledge sharing flows. Design/methodology/approach: The first phase of the study consisted of a review of the narrative literature. The method chosen for analyzing the findings is the narrative synthesis, which sought to identify and show the complementarity between the areas studied. Then, a summary of the review presents a conceptual structure. At the third phase of the study consisted of a field survey characterized for being a descriptive-exploratory and qualitative investigation based on a single case study. Findings: For the results, three phases of evolution in the relationships among stakeholders can be characterized, namely: formation, strengthening and integration. With regard to value capture, it is also possible to characterize three phases of simultaneous non-linear evolution: sharing of perceptions, ideas and experiences, self-reflection, and vision and solution. With regard to knowledge sharing, two important flows were characterized: solution development and socialization and communication, in which there is a greater relationship with the development of trust, commitment, tie strengthening and shared vision. And some insights from the perspective of integrating dynamic capabilities and front end with value co-creation with multiple stakeholders. Originality/value: Practical and theorical results of the evolution of value co-creation on the front end phases dynamic. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This paper aimed to better understand business students’ expectations of Brazilian corporate governance after recent scandals, focusing on capturing their perceptions after the Lava Jato (Car Wash) police investigation. Adapting a prior survey applied to business students, data were collected from three colleges in São Paulo, the largest city in Latin America, with a total of 328 responses. The data were initially submitted to confirmatory factor analysis (CFA), after which we employed a structural equation model (SEM). Our main finding indicates that students are skeptical of an increase in Brazilian corporate governance after this police operation. This result is supported by the prior literature and denotes student consciousness of the need for deep reforms in the business environment and compliance rules. Furthermore, strategic human resources management is the most prominent corporate governance tool today, and the survey revealed disbelief that the Board of Directors and internal audits will act as potential inhibitors of fraud and corruption. These findings are associated with a broad view related to sustainability which denotes that future firm leaders, who are currently business students, comprehend that an ethical business environment needs to be built by professionals who are able to understand the role of corporate governance mechanisms. This paper contributes to the literature by offering a holistic assessment of business student perceptions and encourages a discussion of current models and instruments of Brazilian corporate governance. The scarcity of studies involving education and governance can be considered a constraint to building sustainable companies from a long-term perspective. Comprehending business students’ perceptions about corporate governance mechanisms can be considered a path to increasing the number of business courses with topics aligned with practical effects on environmental, social, and governance subjects, mainly when these mechanisms are evaluated from an integrated perspective. © 2022 by the authors.
This paper aims to examine the relationship difference of strategic leadership to organizational ambidextrous behavior between male and female CEOs, taking into account the balancing effect and combined effect of explorative and exploitative behaviors. A quantitative analysis is conducted from demographic data and relevant organizational ambidextrous data of male and female CEOs of listed companies from 2016 to 2020. In total, 226 valid male-female CEOs pairs are used to test whether there is a significant difference on gender between strategic leadership and organizational ambidextrous behavior. The findings revealed that female strategic leaders with an ambidextrous advantage do not behave inferior to males. This study clarifies the intrinsic relationship between female strategic leadership and organizational ambidexterity, affirming the ambidextrous synergistic effect of female executives in corporate strategic decision-making. The presentation of women in top management may contribute to a better organizational performance through balancing and combining ambidextrous activities, and this study calls on upholding the cultural values of gender diversity and inclusiveness, and to focus on merits of female leaders. © 2022 by the authors.
BACKGROUND: Published literature on health care administration, management, and leadership and its impacts on health systems' programs to address health care inequities is limited, as is information about how organizations integrate health equity in their cultures, missions, and strategic plans. PURPOSE: The aims of this study were to identify the key components necessary for health systems to implement systematic organizational change to promote health equity and to describe approaches organizations have implemented. METHODOLOGY/APPROACH: We conducted an environmental scan to identify central principles for implementing lasting change in health systems and experts working to advance health equity through organizational change. We interviewed 19 experts in health equity and hospital executives in 2020. Using iterative thematic analysis, we identified common themes. RESULTS: Consistent with the literature on organizational change, interviewees described a variety of systematic approaches to change, all of which involve the following core components: (a) committed and engaged leadership; (b) integrated organizational structure; (c) commitment to quality improvement and patient safety; (d) ongoing training and education; (e) effective data collection and analytics; and (f) stakeholder communication, engagement, and collaboration. CONCLUSION AND PRACTICE IMPLICATIONS: There is no "one-size-fits-all" approach to advancing health equity. Decisions about which components require the most attention vary depending on an organization's internal and external environment. Understanding those environments and identifying which levers will be most effective are essential. As provider organizations strive to develop more strategic and systematic approaches to addressing disparities, long-term vision and commitment are necessary to achieve sustainable organizational change. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Purpose: While there is an established body of literature that discusses the importance of stakeholder management, and also the need for involvement of all stakeholders so that all values of a heritage site can be captured in a heritage management plan, the concepts are not generally developed in ways that make them useful in practice. This research seeks to bring greater clarity to the practice of stakeholder engagement in built heritage, so that organisations can manage their stakeholders in ways that meet their strategic goals. This study proposes a novel method to identify stakeholders, a stakeholder preference mapping approach, which will depict their influence on decisions based on a of power-interest scale. Design/methodology/approach: This research posits a stakeholder preference mapping approach. Virtual Stakeholder Groups (VSG) were identified and stakeholder's significance impacts were measured using the RIBA Plan of Work 2013 to determine in-depth consideration of each stakeholder's power and interest against differing stages of a heritage project. Participants were convened through a 5-day workshop, consisting of 20 Malaysian and 19 international participants (80% academics and 20% Malaysian civil servants). The Multi-Attribute Decision Analysis (MADA) technique was then used to demonstrate how stakeholder identification and analysis can be used to help heritage teams meet their mandates. Findings: The research identified eight virtual VSG (Extremist, Expert, Economic, Social, Governance and Tourists) and their scale of power-interest influence at different stages of the heritage management process. The findings reveal varying levels of engagement from each of the different groups of stakeholders at each work stage – with Stage 5 (Construction) being the least engaged. Originality/value: It is anticipated that through stakeholder preference mapping, heritage teams can increase the robustness of their strategies by identifying and effectively managing the important concepts; heritage teams can effectively manage the interface between the many (often competing) demands of differing stakeholders. Using Georgetown as a case study, the research team were able to delineate the interaction and interplay between the various stakeholders in the complex decision-making processes for a UNESCO heritage site. Applying the RIBA 2013 Plan of Work as a framework to the heritage management process enables a formalised mapping approach to the process. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: International collaboration is a crucial requirement of entrepreneurship, particularly in developing emerging economies. This collaboration seems so necessary in the food industry as a major contributor to environmental, social and economic problems. This paper aims to identify, analyse the influential network relationship and prioritise the key success factors (KSFs) of international collaboration formation in the entrepreneurial food industry with a case study on Iran's emerging economy. Design/methodology/approach: To identify a list of KSFs, a qualitative method, literature review, is initially used. A quantitative method, fuzzy-Delphi, then is employed to finalise the main KSFs based on the entrepreneurial food industry experts' opinion. To analyse the causal relationship, and prioritise the KSFs, a fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL)-analytic network process (ANP) methodology, i.e. FDANP, is applied. At the first stage, the cause–effect diagram of KSFs is extracted using fuzzy DEMATEL and then, the KSFs weights and priorities are evaluated using a fuzzy ANP. Findings: The results illustrate that the characteristics of effective development workers are the leading dimension of a successful international collaboration that directly affects other dimensions. On the other hand, increased marketing and trading is the most important KSF that is directly related to international entrepreneurial collaboration team capabilities and professionalism. The leading and casual role of team members also plays a vital role in strategic and communication issues affecting the collaboration success, e.g. market research and new product development. Availability of financial resources and the ability of partners in continuous financing is also a crucial and required factor for a successful collaboration. Originality/value: Using an extensive review of the literature to extract the KSFs of international entrepreneurial collaboration and finalising them using a fuzzy-Delphi method and examining the cause-effect relations between them, as well as prioritising the KSFs are the main contributions of this paper. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The high concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere is considered the root cause of climate change. However, in the future atmospheric CO2 could play a strategic role towards a renewable energy transition due to its use as a carbon source for the production of goods. Notably, direct air capture (DAC) technology, by removing CO2 from the atmosphere, could support and improve the carbon footprint of the transport and building sector, both of which are responsible for a large part of the world's greenhouse gas emissions. Once the CO2 is removed, it can be used to produce synthetic fuels for the transport sector, where there are few low-carbon alternatives, such as aviation and shipping. In this article, we examine European Union legislation, focusing on the Renewable Energy Directive, and conclude that DAC fuels can be considered as renewable energy for the transport sector. Moreover, we highlight that the Directive does not yet regulate the methodology that defines the renewable character of DAC fuels and examine relevant criteria to be considered. In addition, because DAC can possibly be operated in buildings, we examine whether the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive is a legal instrument to be considered for deploying this technology. © 2022 The Authors. Review of European, Comparative & International Environmental Law published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The health inequities of Indigenous peoples compared with non-Indigenous peoples are significant and long-standing across many countries. Colonisation and dispossession of land and culture has led to profound and devastating consequences on the health of Indigenous peoples. A lack of trust and cultural security of health services remains a barrier to participation in health care services. Similarly, engagement in research activities is also hindered by a history of unethical research practices. Creating partnerships between researchers and Indigenous communities is key in developing research studies that are culturally appropriate, acceptable and relevant to the needs of Indigenous peoples. Baby Teeth Talk was a randomised controlled trial conducted with Indigenous children and their mothers in South Australia that tested an intervention involving dental care, anticipatory guidance on oral health and dietary intake, and motivational interviewing. The study was developed in consultation and partnership with local Indigenous communities in South Australia and overseen by the study’s Aboriginal reference group. The recruitment and retention of participants in the study has been strong over numerous waves of follow-up. The purpose of this paper is to describe the strategies employed in the study that contributed to the successful and sustained engagement of the participants. These strategies included the establishment of an Aboriginal reference group, building relationships with organisations and community, flexibility of appointment scheduling and allocating adequate time, reimbursement for participant time, developing rapport with participants, encouraging participant self-determination, and adaptation of dietary data collection to better suit participants. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The key role of R&D Centers for technological development in industrial companies is undeniable and clearly impacts on the competitive strategies of industry. R&D Centers assume responsibility for the identification, selection, acquisition, development, and transfer of technology. Among their activities, the successful selection of new technologies is becoming a highly critical and complex challenge in the Technology Management Process. The problem underlying the right selection of new generations of technologies is, from a methodological perspective, linked to key heterogeneous (technological, economic, human, and organizational) factors. Even though previous research has focused on the selection of technologies within the industrial sector, there is little research on the selection of technology at R&D Institutions and, in particular, at R&D Centers. In this research, a Multiple Criteria Decision Making (MCDM)-based evaluation model for decision-making (MIVES), adaptable to one or several technologies, is therefore, employed. In such complex scenarios, MCDM models are a suitable approach to decision-making. The model is then applied to a real case study, in which the evaluation of a new technology at a Spanish R&D Center specializing in manufacturing is analyzed. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Appropriate irrigation and nitrogen (N) management strategies are necessary to achieve a sustainable yield of maize with relatively low water and N inputs. Here, a 2-year field experiment with two irrigation methods (drip irrigation and flood irrigation) and five N application rates (0, 225, 300, 375, and 450 kg N ha−1) was conducted to evaluate maize yield and water and N use efficiency in the North China Plain (NCP). Compared with flood fertigation (FF), drip fertigation (DF) improved the soil water content (SWC) in the 0 to 40 cm soil layer and maintained a greater soil mineral N content (Nmin) of that soil layer. This resulted in increased soil Nmin in the 0 to 40 cm soil layer for the 375 kg ha−1 (N3) under DF compared with the 450 kg N ha−1 (N4) treatment under FF during both pre-and post-silking of maize. The maize crop accumulated greater N at both pre-and post-silking compared using N3 under DF compared to N4 under FF. Greater pre-silking N accumulation increased both leaf area and plant growth rate, leading to more dry matter (DM) accumulation and develop more kernels, while sufficient post-silking N accumulation maintained high leaf area to produce more DM post-silking and promote maize ability to support grain filling. As a result, maximum maize yield (10.4 Mg ha−1) was achieved due to increased kernel number and kernel weight for N3 (375 kg N ha−1) under DF with a 20% reduction in N fertilizer input compared with the N4 (450 kg N ha−1) treatment under FF. Due to greater grain yield and N uptake and less water consumption, the agronomic N efficiency (AEN), N partial factor productivity (PFPN), water use efficiency (WUE) and net income for the N3 treatment under DF increased by 30.4%, 28.6%, 58.3% and 11.0% averaged over two years, respectively, compared to the N4 treatment under FF. Therefore, drip fertilization could improve maize grain yield with a relatively lower water consumption and N application rate compared with flood irrigation with higher N fertilization, as well as increase the economic benefits. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Over the past two decades, scholars of management, finance, accounting, economics, and entrepreneurship have studied the concept and implications of executive confidence in diverse settings. Despite sustained scholarly attention, numerous definitions, interpretations, and operationalizations of executive confidence present a problem for understanding past research and informing future progress. Equally problematic is that past research remains scattered across multiple disciplines, lacking a cohesive and comprehensive integration. Based on an in-depth review of 118 executive confidence studies and 268 studies in the wider confidence literature, we marshal the literature into four overarching themes for an encompassing understanding: (i) conceptualization of executive confidence, (ii) governance mechanisms and pathways of influence, (iii) implications and outcomes, and (iv) origins and antecedents. We leverage the insights of our review to discuss a richer conceptualization of executive confidence and chart an agenda for future research across each of the four themes of our review. © The Author(s) 2022.
What is it like to see like a guerrilla? This article studies hundreds of kilometers of roads and paths that the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces built -or helped build- in order to understand the logic of rebel mobility and logistics, and to shed light on how rebels see and intervene a territory in the context of a prolonged asymmetrical conflict. Departing from the tradition that sees infrastructure as a univocal tool of state power, this article supports recent scholarship in stressing that infrastructure is a means to the creation of political orders used not only by states but also by insurgent actors. Yet given that the FARC did not only use the infrastructure built by others, but also actively built and sponsored it, the case offers a unique opportunity to observe how the logistic needs of such insurgency shapes a distinctive geography and materiality of transportation. We argue that the organizational development, the strategic goals, and the tactical innovation of the FARC forced the rebel group to find methods of long-distance transportation. This was achieved through two innovations: the mobility corridors and the situation maps. These in turn resulted in an infrastructure network that had the following characteristics: 1) it was web-like instead of hierarchical, 2) it connected peripheral areas from within rather than following a center-periphery logic, 3) it was often short-lived instead of permanent, 4) it was irregular instead of straight, and finally, 5) it emerged after territorial control was secured and not before. We find that the infrastructural project of the rebel group had the dual effect of making the territory more legible and penetrable for the insurgents, while also making it more hostile and opaque for the state. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Collaboration has become a key element of governments' efforts to address complex policy problems as well as of attempts to revitalise democracy. Depending on what public agencies want to achieve by engaging in collaboration - whether collaboration is intended to gain support for public policymaking, induce voluntary actions by stakeholders, or something else - collaborative governance will have to mean very different things. Collaborative governance needs to be made fit for purpose. Drawing on the literature and a case study of road safety governance in Sweden, the article theorises on the interplay between strategic purpose and institutional design in collaborative governance and shows how two types of strategic purposes - policy support and voluntary actions - determine appropriate choices of institutional designs. This generates important insights that contribute to understanding institutional diversity and factors important to the success or failure of collaborative governance, and can aid practitioners who are designing collaborative forums within various policy fields. © 2020 The Author(s).
Marine predator populations are crucial to the structure and functioning of ecosystems. Like many predator taxa, pinnipeds face an increasingly complex array of natural and anthropogenic threats. Understanding the relationship between at-sea processes and trends in abundance at land-based monitoring sites requires robust estimates of at-sea distribution, often on multi-region scales. Such an understanding is critical for effective conservation management, but estimates are often limited in spatial extent by spatial coverage of animal-borne tracking data. Grey (Halichoerus grypus) and harbour seals (Phoca vitulina) are sympatric predators in North Atlantic shelf seas. The United Kingdom (UK) and Ireland represents an important population centre for both species, and Special Areas of Conservation (SACs) are designated for their monitoring and protection. Here we use an extensive high-resolution GPS tracking dataset, unprecedented in both size (114 grey and 239 harbour seals) and spatial coverage, to model habitat preference and generate at-sea distribution estimates for the entire UK and Ireland populations of both species. We found regional differences in environmental drivers of distribution for both species which likely relate to regional variation in diet and population trends. Moreover, we provide SAC-specific estimates of at-sea distribution for use in marine spatial planning, demonstrating that hotspots of at-sea density in UK and Ireland-wide maps cannot always be apportioned to the nearest SAC. We show that for grey seals, colonial capital breeders, there is a mismatch between SACs (where impacts are likely to be detected) and areas where impacts are most likely to occur (at sea). We highlight an urgent need for further research to elucidate the links between at-sea distribution during the foraging season and population trends observed in SACs. More generally, we highlight that the potential for such a disconnect needs to be considered when designating and managing protected sites, particularly for species that aggregate to breed and exhibit partial migration (e.g. grey seals), or spatial variation in migration strategies. We demonstrate the use of strategic tracking efforts to predict distribution across multiple regions, but caution that such efforts should be mindful of the potential for differences in species-environment relationships despite similar accessible habitats. Copyright © 2022 Carter, Boehme, Cronin, Duck, Grecian, Hastie, Jessopp, Matthiopoulos, McConnell, Miller, Morris, Moss, Thompson, Thompson and Russell.
This paper studies the role of ambiguity and managerial ability in firm growth options from the perspective of behavioural theory. We argue that managerial ability increases both the identification and exploitation of growth options opportunities, but ambiguity reduces strategic growth options value as a result of information incompleteness and non-Bayesian behaviour. Using a dataset of all US-listed firms, we test the joint effects of ambiguity and managerial ability on growth options value after controlling for standard determinants and endogeneity. The results indicate that ambiguity has a negative effect on growth options value, while ability has a positive effect. We also find that the negative association between ambiguity and growth options is less pronounced with higher managerial ability. These findings underscore the importance of firm heterogeneity in the identification, exercise, and management of strategic and innovative real options opportunities. The paper's contribution provides relevant management insights into the behavioural antecedents of real options at the firm level as well as highlights that managerial and behavioural characteristics are important determinants of growth options value. © 2021 British Academy of Management and Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Extant studies suggest that cybersecurity is critical and among the IT spending priorities of organizations. In response, the literature draws attention to the cybersecurity critical success factors (CSFs) that enable organizations to focus their scarce resources accordingly. Following a systematic literature review method, we analyze and synthesize extant CSF studies on cybersecurity implementation and management for organizations. Then, drawing on the synthesized CSFs and blending them with IT capability theory, we present an overarching cybersecurity CSF framework building upon 79 cybersecurity elements grouped into 11 CSFs under five dimensions of cybersecurity capability: organizational, infrastructural, strategic, process, and external. In addition, the descriptive analysis of the search results reveals the importance of the various factors and capabilities, the trend of the cybersecurity capability dimensions, the frequency and types of research methods, and the contextual impact of the factors. This research makes an important contribution to the literature on cybersecurity management. The CSF framework serves as the foundation for future researchers interested in measuring organizational cybersecurity success. In addition, practitioners can employ the synthesized CSFs and associated elements to guide their cybersecurity management. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Rivers and streams, when fully connected to their floodplains, are naturally resilient systems that are increasingly part of the conversation on nature-based climate solutions. Reconnecting waterways to their floodplains improves water quality and quantity, supports biodiversity and sensitive species conservation, increases flood, drought and fire resiliency, and bolsters carbon sequestration. But, while the importance of river restoration is clear, beaver-based restoration—for example, strategic coexistence, relocation, and mimicry—remains an underutilized strategy despite ample data demonstrating its efficacy. Climate-driven disturbances are actively pushing streams into increasingly degraded states, and the window of opportunity for restoration will not stay open forever. Therefore, now is the perfect time to apply the science of beaver-based low-tech process-based stream restoration to support building climate resilience across the landscape. Not every stream will be a good candidate for beaver-based restoration, but we have the tools to know which ones are. Let us use them. This article is categorized under: Science of Water > Hydrological Processes Water and Life > Nature of Freshwater Ecosystems Water and Life > Conservation, Management, and Awareness. © 2022 The Authors. WIREs Water published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
This paper aims to identify the knowledge creation and dissemination of strategic management (SM) in the hospitality literature using citation and co-citation analysis. A database of 10,782 SM-related articles and 306,701 reference appearances in seven leading hospitality journals over the period 1960–2020 was derived from the Scopus repository. Intellectual mapping of the 100 most-cited SM-related reference appearances was visualized using VOSviewer. The outcomes of this study show that hospitality-focused SM articles outweighed mainstream business-focused SM articles in the hospitality literature. Seven diverse SM research clusters were identified. SM research in the hospitality field is heavily focused on practical implications and relationship testing. Theory application and theory development are required to strengthen the current SM knowledge in the hospitality literature. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In recent years, open innovation and intellectual property rights have become critical factors to gain superior sustainable innovation performance. However, existing literature pays little attention to different open innovation strategies and their interplay with different IP management approaches in improving sustainable innovation performance. Drawing on the contractual/non-contractual view, this study explores how external partnering and external sourcing affect sustainable innovation performance, and the moderating role of IP strategic planning and IP operation. An empirical study is performed based on an innovation survey with one sample of 764 manufacturing firms. The results show that both external partnering and external sourcing can enhance sustainable innovation performance. Moreover, both IP strategic planning and IP operation play a positive moderating role in the relationship between open innovation and sustainable innovation performance. IP operation functions well once firms engage in open innovation, while IP strategic planning functions well when firms are open to some certain extent. This study provides important implications for sustainability research and managerial practice. © 2022 by the authors.
Purpose: This paper examines the socio-ecological co-evolution and transformation of organic pioneers and the organic food market from a politically structuring actor perspective. It aims to identify strategies and activities used to contribute to the change of structures in the organic market and how the companies, in turn, reacted to the structural influence of the changing environment to position their company successfully in the market. Design/methodology/approach: This study is based on interviews with four managing directors who were responsible over several decades for the strategic corporate management of the pioneer companies they founded as (or converted to) organic. Content analysis was used to analyse the data. Findings: Strategic challenges regarding building up, maintaining and using resources, shaping actor constellations, and professionalising management are explained. The analysis demonstrates that also small pioneers have the possibilities and scope to influence and change markets and structures. Originality/value: The results are significant for developing sustainable transformation strategies for markets, considering the interaction of the micro and meso-levels over time and the role of small businesses that might be struggling with growth and loss of values. The study answers recent calls in the literature to empirically investigate sustainability transformations from a practice perspective and gain insights into the roles of corporate actors. © 2022, Johanna Stöhr and Christian Herzig.
One of the most important questions in business partners’ collaboration is whether their strategies create a collaborative synergy and thus add market value. This paper aims to develop a conceptual framework that will be useful for scholars and practitioners in developing foresight for explicit synergies and valuing tacit synergy in strategic collaborative ventures. The paper comprises a novel theoretical and empirical contribution to the foresight that is required for an explicit competence-based synergy in collaborative ventures from a resource-based view. It employs the ARCTIC framework and values a tacit competence-based synergy using simple and compound real options. Moreover, the paper makes several theoretical and empirical contributions to the study of strategic management, international business, and corporate finance disciplines. Finally, the paper discusses research limitations and future work. © 2022 by the author.
The driving force of civilizational change was and is the development of science, education, and great ideas that determine human actions, shaping the attitudes and behavior of individuals, organizations, and entire societies. Such an idea is sustainable development, an anticipation of the possible future challenges of society, so knowledge about it should be communicated to a wide audience because action is possible when various entities have the appropriate knowledge. Implementing the concept of a sustainable organization requires an organization to change its mindset (testing existing principles, beliefs, or behaviors) and to take steps to build an organizational culture so that the idea of sustainability applies to all levels in the organization, i.e., jobs, processes, and strategies. The changes should go in the long-term direction, not just be short-term actions. What is needed, then, is a deep analysis of existing resources and an understanding that the organization does not operate in a vacuum, but interacts with the natural environment, the local community, employees, shareholders, and stakeholders. The purpose of the article is to identify ways to implement the concept of sustainability through knowledge management using an e-learning platform in the relationship ecosystem using the example of the chemical company ‘Grupa Azoty’ Group. A case study method was used, which allowed the analysis of the issue of sustainable development in the context of knowledge management and corporate e-learning. In addition, an analysis of the state and prospects of the chemical industry in Poland during the period of sustainable transformation as a business environment for ‘Grupa Azoty’ Group was carried out. For the described company, the development and implementation of an e-learning platform can support the implementation of a sustainable development strategy. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Drawing on organizational learning theory, we investigate the technological performance implications of acquiring one's alliance partners. We do so using a sample of 252 firms in four high tech industries, who jointly announced 2,398 acquisitions and filed 125,440 new patent applications, in the period of our analysis. We argue a history of collaboration will allow the acquirer to more easily identify and absorb the target's knowledge, and show that the share of ‘alliance-to-acquisition transitions’, in the total set of the firm's acquisitions, increases the firm's inventive quantity. We also argue that a history of collaboration reduces the opportunity to encounter unknown and unexpected knowledge, which will affect both the type and quality of invention. We find support for the former, and show that the share of alliance-to-acquisition transitions increases the firms exploitative tendencies. In terms of the latter, we find a weak relationship between the share of transitions and overall patent quality, but find that the share of transitions does not affect the number of high quality breakthrough inventions. In so doing, we provide new insights, relevant to the acquisition literature, the literature on transitional governance, and the literature on organisational learning, and position alliance-to-acquisition transitions as a mechanism for altering the firm's technology production function. © 2022
Poaching is driving many species toward extinction, and as a result, lowering poaching pressure is a conservation priority. This requires understanding where poaching pressure is high and which factors determine these spatial patterns. However, the cryptic and illegal nature of poaching makes this difficult. Ranger patrol data, typically recorded in protected area logbooks, contain information on patrolling efforts and poaching detection and should thus provide opportunities for a better understanding of poaching pressure. However, these data are seldom analyzed and rarely used to inform adaptive management strategies. We developed a novel approach to making use of analog logbook records to map poaching pressure and to test environmental criminology and predator–prey relationship hypotheses explaining poaching patterns. We showcase this approach for Golestan National Park in Iran, where poaching has substantially depleted ungulate populations. We digitized data from >4800 ranger patrols from 2014 to 2016 and used an occupancy modeling framework to relate poaching to (1) accessibility, (2) law enforcement, and (3) prey availability factors. Based on predicted poaching pressure and patrolling intensity, we provide suggestions for future patrol allocation strategies. Our results revealed a low probability (12%) of poacher detection during patrols. Poaching distribution was best explained by prey availability, indicating that poachers target areas with high concentrations of ungulates. Poaching pressure was estimated to be high (>0.49) in 39% of our study area. To alleviate poaching pressure, we recommend ramping up patrolling intensity in 12% of the national park, which could be achievable by reducing excess patrols in about 20% of the park. However, our results suggest that for 27% of the park, it is necessary to improve patrolling quality to increase detection probability of poaching, for example, by closing temporal patrolling gaps or expanding informant networks. Our approach illustrates that analog ranger logbooks are an untapped resource for evidence-based and adaptive planning of protected area management. Using this wealth of data can open up new avenues to better understand poaching and its determinants, to expand effectiveness assessments to the past, and, more generally, to allow for strategic conservation planning in protected areas. © 2022 The Authors. Ecological Applications published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Ecological Society of America.
Resource allocation is paramount to local government strategic planning. There is, however, a gap in studies examining the determining factors of resource allocation decisions in the public sector. This study contributes to the public management literature by providing additional theories for explaining local government resource allocation in a very important sector in the local government context: educational services. Stakeholder theory provides insights into external influences as economic, political, and managerial types. Evidence comes from a panel dataset of large Brazilian municipalities (over 100,000 inhabitants) for the 2009-2016 period. Regression analysis provides empirical evidence that stakeholders can influence decisions about expenditure and investments in infrastructure. The findings challenge the assumption that mayors are at the apex of the local government hierarchy and make solitary decisions. The article also contributes to strategic management theory, indicating that stakeholders are likely to shape local government resource allocation decisions, something that had not been considered as likely hitherto.  © 2021 The Author(s) 2021.
Purpose: Although managers and academicians have recognised the importance of high-commitment work systems (HCWS), work engagement and psychological capital (PsyCap) in service firms, many questions remain unanswered. This study aims to fill the gaps in the area of work engagement by considering the relationships among HCWS, PsyCap and work engagement. In this cross-sectional study, the author drew on the social exchange theory to analyse these relationships. Design/methodology/approach: Cross-sectional data from 309 employees from India’s services sector was collected to investigate HCWS and work engagement associations. The data were analysed by structural equation modelling. Findings: The study findings integrate the existing literature on human resource (HR) systems and positive psychology by identifying the critical role of PsyCap in passing the positive effects of HCWS to engage employees in their work. Further, it supports the assumption that PsyCap is formed primarily based on organisational practices, thereby addressing the paucity of research that examined the antecedents of PsyCap. Practical implications: Owing to study findings, service firms are encouraged to carry out human resource development intervention(s) to make their employees psychologically capable. Since PsyCap is a state-like construct, it can be developed among individuals. Thus, managers can develop their employees’ PsyCap through various training interventions. Originality/value: The mediating role of PsyCap in the HCWS and work engagement in India’s service industries settings was tested. The present study’s findings contribute to the theory of strategic human resource management by explaining how HCWS can help employees engage better in their work. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: With drastic changes in the external environment, many organizations today cannot continue their activities and create sustainability in achieving long-term goals without having carefully designed and coordinated systems with each other. The human resource performance management system is considered as one of the most important process pillars of any organization that without any specific strategic mechanism, such as inclusive learning, faces challenges and harmful conflicts. The purpose of this study is to diagnose human resource performance management based on the lack of ambidextrous learning themes in the banking system. Design/methodology/approach: In this study, theoretical screening based on similar research was used to identify the components (diagnosing of human resource performance management) and research propositions (ambidextrous learning themes). Then, Delphi analysis was used to determine the reliability of research components and propositions by the participation of 13 management specialists and experts. In the quantitative part, the components and propositions identified in the form of matrix questionnaires were evaluated by interpretive analysis by 18 managers of banking system. Findings: The results showed that the proposition of lack of strategic tendencies in learning is considered as the most effective theme of ambidextrous learning in reinforcing the damage of strategic incompatibility in the performance functions of human resource management (HRM). Originality/value: This result shows that the lack of strategic orientations due to the ineffectiveness in identifying environmental capacities in the banking system in the field of HRM performance is a new challenge. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Diverse perspectives and ideas among senior leaders (top management teams and boards of directors) might generate substantial value for organizations. In theory, such diversity could provide a foundation for creative insights, innovative strategies, and strong organizational performance. Unfortunately, empirical research on these and other possible outcomes has generated a complex array of confusing findings. Our systematic review, the first to consider all types of relevant studies, attempts to make sense of the complicated landscape. On the negative side of the coin, the review highlights unsolved theoretical puzzles, severely fragmented empirical studies, and methodological conundrums. As a result, it calls into question several widespread assumptions and practices. On the positive side of the coin, our work surfaces some important pockets of consistency in existing empirical findings, mostly driven by studies using direct measures of cognitive diversity among senior leaders rather than demographic proxies. Our recommendations for the future include dramatically increasing qualitative research to move beyond a powerful deductive straightjacket that seems to exist. We also recommend taking a finer-grained approach through a substantial narrowing of quantitative research in the near term to better capture and understand key concepts, measures, and boundary conditions. © 2022, Academy of Management. All rights reserved.
We analyse the short- and long-term consequences for atmospheric greenhouse gas (GHG) concentrations of forest management strategies and forest product uses in Sweden by comparing the modelled consequences of forest resource use vs. increased conservation at different levels of GHG savings from carbon sequestration and product substitution with bioenergy and other forest products. Increased forest set-asides for conservation resulted in larger GHG reductions only in the short term and only when substitution effects were low. In all other cases, forest use was more beneficial. In all scenarios, annual carbon dioxide (CO2) sequestration rates declined in conservation forests as they mature, eventually approaching a steady state. Forest set-asides are thus associated with increasing opportunity costs corresponding to foregone wood production and associated mitigation losses. Substitution and sequestration rates under all other forest management strategies rise, providing support for sustained harvest and cumulative mitigation gains. The impact of increased fertilization was everywhere beneficial to the climate and surpassed the mitigation potential of the other scenarios. Climate change can have large—positive or negative—influence on outcomes. Despite uncertainties, the results indicate potentially large benefits from forest use for wood production. These benefits, however, are not clearly linked with forestry in UNFCCC reporting, and the European Union's Land Use, Land-Use Change and Forestry carbon accounting, framework may even prevent their full realization. These reporting and accounting frameworks may further have the consequence of encouraging land set-asides and reduced forest use at the expense of future biomass production. Further, carbon leakage and resulting biodiversity impacts due to increased use of more GHG-intensive products, including imported products associated with deforestation and land degradation, are inadequately assessed. Considerable opportunity to better mobilize the climate change mitigation potential of Swedish forests therefore remains. © 2022 The Authors. GCB Bioenergy Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Because of the scarcity of extant studies in the literature on airport business models, this study aims to identify a framework for airport business model design. Exploratory research obtained from key Thai respondents was used, and the data analysis was further enhanced by an extensive review of related grey literature available in public domains. With our qualitative data analysis, we propose the generic airport business model framework as a foundation for designing business models. Strategic partners, core business activities, human resources and sustainability-related projects should be considered basic components driving an airport to achieve high performance. The remaining business model components should be customised depending on business environments and location contexts. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Customer satisfaction management is increasing in importance within the insurance industry. In particular, to define a customer-oriented strategy, installing digital applications based on technologies, e.g. including artificial intelligence or cloud computing, ranks among the major strategic challenges. Against this background, the aim of this paper is to take an integrated perspective on managing customer satisfaction and the digital transformation. Towards this end, we identify and assess a set of digital applications, as a result of a comprehensive review of 106 academic papers and publications of the industry and supervisory authorities. We illustrate the opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and emphasise their impact on insurers at four major customer touch points: contract conclusion, contract modifications, the event of damage and further contacts. Our results are strategic measures to strengthen the position for sales and marketing, to simplify standard processes and to increase efficiency and interaction with the customer. © 2022, The Author(s).
Promoting the transformation and effective implementation of the university autonomy model at higher educational institutions (HEIs) in developing countries as Vietnam is a very important task today. In order to contribute to this task, the study proposes a system of indicators to assess HEIs’ university autonomy competence. By using the system, a certain HEI can conduct self-assessment to get its clear and coherent definition of capability and resources in matters of autonomy and ac-countability. Based on this result, they can establish a strategic plan for effectively transforming the higher autonomy model in accordance with the law. Additionally, state management agencies can use this tool to assess the general and more reliable picture of the national higher education system; so that they can make appropriate policies, plans, programs to effectively promote, manage, and monitor the transformation of university autonomy model in HEIs nationwide. © 2022, University of Malaya. All rights reserved.
We study a finite horizon, single product, periodic review inventory system with two supply sources and a salvage option. These supply sources are typically capacitated and capacity levels often need to be reserved or installed in advance of the operational planning horizon. The supply sources may thus be differentiated by their lead times, capacities, and fixed and variable order costs. Salvage options allow for inventory reductions and incur fixed cost and variable revenues. We first analyze the tactical problem of determining an optimal procurement strategy under given capacity profiles at the two suppliers. We then address the strategic model in which optimal capacity profiles, both static and dynamically adjusted, are obtained based on two-part capacity contracts. We characterize the structure of optimal procurement strategies when the lead times of the two suppliers differ by a single period and the lead time for salvage opportunities matches that of one of the suppliers. For general lead time combinations, we show that the optimal procurement strategies satisfy monotonicity and limited sensitivity properties, and construct effective heuristics and upper and lower bounds based on our structural results. © 2022 Production and Operations Management Society.
As an effective method to protect the daily access to sensitive data against malicious attacks, the audit mechanism has been widely deployed in various practical fields. In order to examine security vulnerabilities and prevent the leakage of sensitive data in a timely manner, the database logging system usually employs an online signaling scheme to issue an alert when suspicious access is detected. Defenders can audit alerts to reduce potential damage. This interaction process between a defender and an attacker can be modeled as an audit game. In previous studies, it was found that sending real-time signals in the audit game to warn visitors can improve the benefits of the defender. However, the previous approaches usually assume perfect information of the attacker, or simply concentrate on the utility of the defender. In this paper, we introduce a brand-new zero-determinant (ZD) strategy to study the sequential audit game with online signaling, which empowers the defender to unilaterally control the utility of visitors when accessing sensitive data. In addition, an optimization scheme based on the ZD strategy is designed to effectively maximize the utility difference between the defender and the attacker. Extensive simulation results show that our proposed scheme enhances the security management and control capabilities of the defender to better handle different access requests and safeguard the system security in a cost-efficient manner. © 2022
This paper aims to justify propositions that the dynamic political capabilities of collaborative partners to manage their institutional contexts are important drivers of collaborative syner-gies which can be valued by real options. To date, the institutional context of collaborative corporate strategies (strategic alliances, mergers, and acquisitions), particularly the analysis of the influence of government agencies on the synergies or unrealized synergies of collaborative ventures, remains unexplored. Moreover, the interdependence between the institutional dimensions of the collaborative strategies, the dynamic political capabilities of the collaborating partners, and collaborative syn-ergies are needed to be integrated into new conceptual models and a new framework. This paper contributes to this request by providing a cohesive framework of micro-foundations with dynamic political capabilities and demonstrating an application of simple and compound sequentially com-bined real options for collaborative synergies’ valuation in the findings and discussion section. This paper makes several theoretical and empirical contributions to international business, strategic management, and corporate finance. The practical implication of the research is evidence that food retailers who want to grow with the latest consumer trends will need dynamic political capabilities to deal with the impact of an institutional context. Finally, this paper discusses research limitations and future work. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
We used data from 441 managers of science and technology enterprises to empirically test the dynamic capability path and resource-based path of ability-enhancing, motivation-enhancing and opportunity-enhancing (AMO) strategic human resource management as influencing factors on performance. The results show that AMO-enhancing strategic human resource management affects organizational performance through organizational emotional capability and organizational intellectual capital in the start-up stage. In the development stage, ability- and opportunity-enhancing strategic human resource management affects performance through organizational emotional capability and organizational intellectual capital, while motivation-enhancing strategic human resource management has no significant impact on performance. In the mature stage, ability-enhancing strategic human resource management influences performance through organizational emotional capability, while motivation- and opportunity-enhancing strategic human resource management has no significant effect on performance. © 2021 Australian Human Resources Institute (AHRI).
In Latin America, water resource management in some areas is difficult when all parts of a system are not considered (including its dynamism). Therefore, it becomes necessary to prepare instruments that facilitate management using a comprehensive approach. This study aimed to develop a methodology that allows one to conduct a prospective analysis of water management over delimited territories. The Zamora Huayco basin was chosen as the study area. This work included a survey of physical-natural, socioeconomic, and political-institutional variables, as well as a system structural analysis. Also, the generation of future scenarios and the strategic and tactical orientation for the integrated management of water resources. The results show that, of the 23 variables used, 19 were classified as key system variables. Most of the variables had strong impacts on each other, but at the same time these were highly receptive to changes. The behavior of change, proposed for the different uses and land cover in the basin for 2029, was considered as the objective scenario, highlighting the gain in forest areas and shrub vegetation. The strategic plans proposed in this methodology consider the structuring and collecting information in a single repository, creating communication channels between stakeholders and decision-makers. © 2022 by the authors.
The use of fossil fuel and artificial nitrogen fertilizer in German agriculture is a wicked problem. The incumbent system allows access to nutrition, but relies on unsustainable fossil fuel, produces greenhouse gas emissions along the whole production chain, and nitrogen pollution. This article uses the Interdisciplinary Transition Innovation, Engineering, and Management (InTIME) method for German agriculture systems with data from FAO and the German Ministry For Food And Agriculture. The purpose of this article is a rigorous analysis of the complex agriculture system and the development of feasible opportunities for sustainable carbon downshifting. Sustainability indicators are biodiversity loss, fossil-fuel use, mineral depletion, energy use, carbon emissions and eutrophication. The results indicate that the technology-based solution of “green hydrogen” as a substitute for fossil hydrogen in the fertilizer production decreases the sustainability of the agriculture system. The most promising results arise from shifting consumption of meat and animal-based products to a more plant based diet, and transitioning to organic agriculture. Net-zero sustainability goals and a reduction in eutrophication are achieved by 75% downshift of animal products and the upscaling of organic agriculture. Strategic scenarios to achieve the results are developed and recommendations for policy implementation to ease the transition are examined. © 2022 by the authors.
Exploration programs are collections of interconnected exploration projects that are identified, coordinated, and managed in order to pursue a strategic objective of exploring radical innovations to be developed by the parent organization. Based on a longitudinal fine-grained study of a firm that has launched such an initiative, we offer a characterization of an exploration program and outline the coexistence of its integration with, as well as its isolation from, its parent organization. This is achieved through mechanisms and boundary activities complementing each other and undertaken by actors involved in the program and located at different levels of the parent organization. We show how this integration with the parent organization evolves between the program initiation and its implementation and how the differences lie in its exploratory nature, i.e., the definition of its scope, which is not known at its launch, the potential leveraging of the firm's existing resources to execute the exploration projects and then to further develop them, and the capitalization on the projects’ outcome and the use of the knowledge that has been built in excess. Thus we further bridge the literature on project and program management with the literature on innovation management and show how an exploration program can contribute to achieving ambidexterity at the firm level. © 2022
This study provides a game-theoretic analysis of the service strategy of a two-tier maritime supply chain. We explore a setting where a port provides blockchain service with different service levels. We extend the existing literature, which discusses the servitization with blockchain in the maritime supply chain. We demonstrate both the economic and environmental benefits that blockchain service increases the operational efficiency of the port by paperless. Moreover, the port can be realized the reduction on congestion through different supply chain capacities. In addition, we find the rational strategy, including the changes in cost structure, profitability with the time reduction, the value of blockchain service in the market segment, consumer surplus, and social welfare, and the relationship between blockchain service and congestion, respectively. Furthermore, this study embodies the potential contributions of three aspects. Specifically, we reveal the role of blockchain service in the operational time of port with information transformation from paper documents to e-documents. Moreover, we find that the governance strategy of servitization with blockchain service is based on economic benefit and environmental benefits. Finally, we provide a new method to solve port congestion in the maritime supply chain. Therefore, from the perspective of management insight, the port needs to improve the operational efficiency through the blockchain technology with paperless to help consumers to increase the service experience. In addition, the port should also be concerned about the role of blockchain service in the environmental protection and port congestion. In this case, the port can adjust the strategy in order to satisfy the requirements of every stakeholder. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Businesses use sentiment analysis for market insights to improve performance. Sentiment analysis application in building a smart society is immense, and there is a need to delineate the trend holistically. The present study addresses the research gap by a comprehensive bibliometric review of 353 research articles published between 2010 and 2021 to discern the performance, content, and thematic analysis. Finding points at the use of sentiment analysis for innovation, transparency, citizen participation, and improved efficiency in public services. The content analysis points to the applicability of sentiment analysis for citizens' engagement to solve social problems like traffic congestion, crime prediction, disaster management, etc. According to the strategic map, information retrieval and supervised learning are the motor themes; sentiment analysis and ubiquitous computing are the basic themes, while semantics and recommender systems are the niche themes. Thematic analysis of intellectual structure indicates sentiment analysis applications for smart governance, smart mobility, smart infrastructure, and smart living as the building blocks for smart societies. Based on a comprehensive review, future research directions and managerial implications are provided. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
With the advent of the post-COVID-19 era, corporate managers of import and export trade are now more sensitive in their daily work, and their decisions are more likely to be influenced by the emotional bias of public opinions, especially regarding cooperation with trade ports of frequent circulation. Therefore, how to manage public opinion and sentiment in the post-COVID-19 era will be a new opportunity and challenge for the marketing management of ports. For the above considerations, through the same frequency verification between public opinions and sentiment on ports and corporate choice of import and export trade, and through analysis of the influence mechanism, the present study demonstrates the positive effects of public opinions and sentiment on ports in corporate choice of import and export trade in the post-COVID-19 era, verifies the significance of shaping word of mouth in port management, puts forward the great role of public opinions and sentiment in the cognitive and emotional empathy in the choice of import and export trade, and provides theoretical guidance for port managers' strategic choices in the post-COVID-19 era. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This paper investigates whether and how the initiation of Credit Default Swaps (CDS) trading affects analyst forecast optimism. First, we document that the initiation of CDS trading curbs analyst forecasts optimism. Second, we find that the dampening effect of CDS on analyst optimism is stronger for firms with negative news and for firms with poorer financial performance or higher leverage, supporting a “correction effect” of CDS on non-strategic optimism. Moreover, we find that CDS also has a “disciplining effect” on strategic optimism that arises from incentives to cultivate relation with management or to please institutional investors. Overall, our evidence shows that the CDS market not only provides important information for analysts, but also alters analysts’ reporting incentives and enhances their objectivity. Additional analysis shows that this effect has disappeared after the Dodd-Frank Act. © 2022 British Accounting Association
Networks in modern manufacturing are crucial for pooling resources, and eco-innovation enables manufacturers adopt sustainable production and environmentally friendly offerings. This article aims to explore network strategies for eco-innovation in manufacturing, from the viewpoints of industrial, academic, and governmental experts, i.e., using the triple helix model. Based on semi-structured interviews with 46 purposive sampled manufacturing experts, the article applies thematic analysis to identify categories of collaborative network and complex ecosystem strategies for eco-innovation. The analysis finds eight themes as strategies that centre on actions and commitment for stakeholder involvement, benchmarking support, capacity building, information protection, transition readiness, awareness campaigns, management audits, and plant designs. Theoretically, the findings imply network framings for the problem, potential, and priorities of eco-innovation in manufacturing, and practically the study suggests three critical factors for enhancing eco-innovation networks: (i) network platforms and forums, (ii) strategic alignment, and (iii) sustainability roadmaps. Using these network framings, the research contributes to current debates on eco-innovation strategies in cleaner production. The article concludes with discussions on the limitations and potential future research directions. © 2022 The Authors
Climate change is a formidable societal challenge that requires urgent attention. As tackling ecological problems needs a broader perspective in which collective and behavioral responses from individuals, organizations, and social groups become central, we approach the climate change challenge as a social dilemma. Therefore, building on research on social dilemmas and associated taxonomies of solutions, we develop an integrative taxonomy of strategic solutions for the climate change social dilemma. Next, we look at the climate action recommendations of leading organizations that grew out of the League of Nations – the United Nations, the World Economic Forum, the World Bank, the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. Then, using our taxonomy, we systematically review management research on strategies for resolving the climate change social dilemma. Finally, we present a research agenda and discuss the implications of our findings. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Purpose: The study aims to understand how dynamic capabilities (DCs) contribute to business model innovation (BMI) in sustainable family farming. The agrifood sector has been seeking solutions for the development of agroecological markets. Thus, the authors have analyzed the challenges imposed to innovation and sustainability strategic management and the value proposition to sustain the business over the years. Design/methodology/approach: Considering the complexity of organizations and through an exploratory multiple case study of initiatives identified in the Organic Fair of Curitiba’s Passeio Público, it was possible to analyze the evolution of the business models (BMs) and the fair itself. Furthermore, it was possible to identify the DCs within the influence of agroecosystem elements on the innovation development. Findings: Analyzing each case individually, the authors understood the different dimensions of the evolution of BMs considering the organizational complexity. The authors conclude that the balance between organizational practices and changes in the environment, engagement and learning plays a significant role in the developing competitive advantage. The same applies to the patterns that precede the development of DCs and BMs. Originality/value: The article investigates innovation in agroecological BMs from a dynamic capability perspective. The agroecological BM is a subject that is still little discussed in the literature. In addition, the authors chose a context that includes socioenvironmental aspects and a few specificities of family farming in Brazil. © 2022, Olívia Prado Schiavon, Márcia Ramos May and Andréa Torres Barros Batinga de Mendonça.
Research Summary: We investigate the implications of the degree assortativity of intra-firm networks for firms' innovation performance. We argue that prevalent patterns of collaborative relationships between organizational members can lead to variations in the levels of degree assortativity in intra-firm networks, ranging from disassortative structures (highly central members connect with peripheral members) to assortative ones (highly central members connect with other highly central members and vice versa). These patterns influence knowledge access and resource mobilization pathways and are thus associated with various firm-level invention outcomes. Using coarsened exact matching methodology and controlling for other characteristics of the intra-firm network structures, we find that assortative structures in the pharmaceutical industry are associated with larger invention output, but inventions originating from assortative structures have lower average novelty and impact. Managerial Summary: A central challenge in knowledge-based industries is the design of collaborative teams to increase innovative output. In this article, we show that firms in the pharmaceutical industry vary in the extent to which central inventors within a firm collaborate with peripheral inventors. Further, the ideal composition varies based on the desired innovative output: Firms with frequent collaborations between central inventors have higher inventive productivity, while firms with higher mixing between central and peripheral inventors generate inventions that are on average more novel and have higher impact. Results have implications for organizational design toward desired innovative outcomes, as well as management of strategic human capital. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This paper uses the differential game approach to construct a model of cooperative emission reduction involving the government, manufacturing firms, and retail firms under different power structures. It is found that the dominant player receives more subsidies; the development of a mechanism for horizontal technology R&D among enterprises can reduce the financial pressure on the government to implement compensation strategies and improve the effectiveness and performance of supply chain emission reduction; and the government can develop differentiated subsidy schemes to achieve Pareto optimality in the supply chain and environmental performance based on different game strategies and revenue-sharing agreements by enterprises. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Coastal communities along the U.S. West Coast experience a myriad of environmental stressors, including exposure to low pH waters exacerbated by ocean acidification (OA). This can result in ecological and social consequences, making necessary the exploration and support for locally relevant strategies to adapt to OA and other environmental changes. The shellfish aquaculture industry along the West Coast is particularly vulnerable to OA, given the negative effects of low pH on shellfish survival and growth. As such, the social-ecological system exemplified by this industry serves as an opportunity to identify and address strategies for local adaptation. Through interviews conducted with West Coast shellfish farm owners and managers (‘growers’), we investigate perceptions of OA and environmental change and identify specific strategies for adaptation. We find that growers are concerned about OA, among many other environmental stressors such as marine pathogens and water temperature. However, growers are often unable to attribute changes in shellfish survival or health to these environmental factors due to a lack of data and the resources and network required to acquire and interpret these data. From these interviews, we identify a list of adaptive strategies growers employ or would like to employ to improve their overall adaptive capacity to multiple stressors (environmental, economic, political), which together, allow farms to weather periods of OA-induced stress more effectively. Very few studies to date have identified specific adaptive strategies derived directly from the communities being impacted. This work therefore fills a gap in the literature on adaptive capacity by amplifying the voices of those on the front lines of climate change and identifying explicit pathways for adaptation. © 2022 The Authors
Supply chain management (SCM) deals with various strategic, tactical, and operational level decisions in which pricing is of utmost importance to decision makers. Most of the real-life supply chain pricing problems consider competition as a crucial factor in order to expand the market share and tackle emerging competitors. Accordingly, competitive pricing in SCM has attracted great attention by practitioners and academicians in the last four decades. Now after 40 years, it seems necessary to systematically review and classify the previous studies and present the most appealing future research directions. This paper provides a comprehensive review of the state-of-the-art published papers in scientific journals. Here, 166 papers published from 1983 to 2021 are reviewed and classified to introduce the major models and specific considerations in this field. After reviewing the selected competitive pricing models, some research insights and potential subjects for extending the literature are presented to illustrate the most appropriate and challenging future research directions. © 2021 The Authors. International Transactions in Operational Research © 2021 International Federation of Operational Research Societies
With the rapid development of electric vehicles (EVs) in recent years, it is important to understand the varied EV users for EV sector business innovation. Therefore, identifying different types of EV users and implementing differentiated marketing strategies can assist charging service enterprises in improving profitability and user loyalty. Recency, frequency and monetary (RFM) model is an important data mining method that has important practical applications in customer relationship management and direct marketing fields. To classify EV users, an integrated approach incorporating an extended RFM model, a two-stage clustering method, and the Entropy Weight Method is proposed in this study. Analysis results demonstrate that 7426 EV users are divided into six groups, namely “high value users”, “key users to maintain”, “key users to develop”, “potential users”, “new users” and “lost users”. To estimate the performances of the proposed approach, the traditional cluster algorithm and fuzzy c-means method are compared with the improved entropy-cluster algorithm by using the intraclass method. The results indicate that the proposed approach is more robust than other methods. Finally, we develop related marketing strategies for each group of EV users to assist charging service enterprises in improving their marketing effectiveness and financial performance. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In this paper, we develop a supply chain network model in which firms compete noncooperatively in an oligopolistic manner in discrete time periods over a finite planning horizon. Each firm makes a strategic decision regarding its target sustainability rating and tactical decisions of product flows, in the presence of consumer preferences for sustainability and a variety of environmental policies. Such policies include ecological taxes for different types of pollution, subsidies for pollution control, command-and-control policies, as well as hybrid approaches with different possible combinations of policy instruments. Furthermore, our model captures dynamic changes in not only the consumer purchasing behavior, but also the operational costs and environmental pollution, as well as government environmental policies. A series of numerical examples evaluate the impacts of consumer preferences for sustainability and environmental policies on firms’ profitability and their environmental footprint. The results indicate that firms will improve sustainable operations as long as it is financially valuable for them to do so, which mandates governments and firms to educate consumers about sustainability. Numerical examples also reveal under which environmental policies sustainability can be profitable. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Sustainable development is a key feature of national, European Union and global development strategies. The main research goal is to provide evidence on how impactful public policies on environmental sustainability in Portugal are at the regional level, in various policy areas. In this context, this paper analyses the main impacts of the Portuguese Operational Programme for Sustainability and Efficient Use of Resources (PO SEUR 2014–20). The research uses a territorial impact assessment (TIA) methodology (TARGET_TIA) to assess these impacts in five analytic dimensions (economy with low emissions, adaptation to climate change, risk prevention and management, environmental protection and resource efficiency) in the five mainland Portuguese NUTS 2. It concludes that, in overall terms, PO SEUR produced low to moderate positive impacts in all NUTS II and analysed dimensions, but it was particularly positive in measures fostering adaptation to climate change, and less impactful in measures supporting an economy with low emissions and resource efficiency in Portugal. Despite data limitations, the research provided adequate evidence that key public policies supporting environmental sustainability in Portugal are largely ineffective and inefficient in view of their policy goals and allocated funding. To turn this scenario around, the process of project selection needs to undergo significant improvements to better adjust the regional needs on environmental sustainability-related issues to the available funding. Moreover, on a policy strategic level, there needs to be support for a prosperous, modern, competitive and climate-neutral economy in Portugal via concrete actions exploring environmental capital and a green economy in urban areas. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The future of shark mitigation worldwide, not only depends on economic and environmental considerations but on community support and acceptance of mitigation approaches. Shark mitigation strategies and policy development based on publicly held values in combination with expert knowledge is more likely to be supported and accepted by the public and society in general. In 2015, the New South Wales (NSW) government implemented a five-year Shark Management Strategy (SMS) to trial new and emerging technologies following a cluster of shark bites in 2014 and 2015 (including fatalities); most notably on the NSW north coast. The strategy aimed to increase protection of beachgoers while minimising harm to sharks and other marine animals. This paper synthesises various SMS-related social research studies to generate knowledge and improve understanding of community attitudes, support and preferences for different shark mitigation approaches trialled in the SMS. Our findings show non-invasive mitigation approaches involving shark detection and tracking, and public notifications were supported and preferred over invasive and/or lethal approaches such as nets. Drone surveillance was very highly supported (and preferred over helicopters) for being localised, having the capacity to be incorporated into beach safety operations, and with future potential for automation and the use of artificial intelligence to increase detection capability. Community education was seen as a fundamental component of shark mitigation to help people increase their ability to take personal responsibility for their own safety, improve public knowledge and understanding of sharks, and to mitigate fear; ultimately, to foster coexistence without jeopardising public safety. © 2022
Research on sustainable development is significantly influenced by the trade-off between the economic, social and environmental performance of businesses. Industry 4.0 development is a key business priority due to the promise of exponential increase in productivity, time efficiencies and cost reduction. However, Industry 4.0 development has been slow. Notably, human actors remain central to Industry 4.0, while the social responsibility component of sustainable development is a key prerogative for industry, championed through the UN sustainable development goals and European Commission. Therefore, we evaluate human-related impediments for Industry 4.0 and critically explore how human resource management (HRM) can overcome these barriers using a socially responsible orientation. First, we analyse the human-related challenges to Industry 4.0 through a thematic literature review. Thereafter, through an integrative literature review of different research streams (Industry 4.0, HRM and social responsibility), we critically argue novel perspectives on how human resource practices can enable sustainable development of Industry 4.0 in a socially responsible manner. Herein, we address a crucial literature gap. Our findings reveal numerous people-related barriers, including change resistance, digital skills gap, employment threats widening socio-economic inequalities, lack of industry-wide collaboration, leadership and organisational culture challenges. We show that HRM can be a crucial enabler for sustainable Industry 4.0 development through socially responsible human resource practices. These include strategic multistakeholder collaborations, holistic talent management, change leadership, inclusive knowledge sharing, sponsoring education research and codesigning curricula, smart technology for upskilling and retention and rewarding inclusive Industry 4.0 ideas. We conclude with future research directions. © 2022 The Authors. Business Strategy and The Environment published by ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Nature Based Solutions (NBS) are increasingly used for improving water quality, reducing urban flooding and providing ecological and amenity benefits. Although predominantly developed and implemented in industrialised countries, NBS are gaining traction in the Global South. Strategic planning is required to deliver the anticipated benefits and ensure successful integration into urban landscapes. Spatial software and planning support systems (PSS), can inform such decision-making. We seek to understand the efficacy of utilising PSS for advancing NBS practices within Indonesian urban settings. Through workshops and in-depth interviews with urban planning practitioners, we examined (i) the current NBS planning context, (ii) tacit experiences with contemporary PSS, and (iii) potential utility of PSS to address identified challenges with NBS planning. While strategic planning processes were perceived as improving over past decades, significant challenges remain including inadequate collaboration between actors, insufficient capacity and resources of local governments and limited access to high-quality spatial data. Although strategic planners employ contemporary PSS, further embedding those into decision-making processes requires rethinking the socio-institutional and political context within which they operate. Results revealed keen interest to adopt innovative PSS. However, without access to high-quality spatial information, strategic planning will continue to be compromised, potentially leading to ill-sited NBS interventions. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: The health-care industry has multiple stakeholders, with knowledge dispersed among clinicians, experts and patients and their families. As the adoption of health-care information technologies (HITs) depends on multiple factors, this study aims to uncover the motivators for adopting them. Design/methodology/approach: The study considers 391 respondents, representing the health-care sector, to evaluate the motivators for adopting HITs for better-dispersed knowledge management. The authors analyze the responses using exploratory factor analysis (EFA) to identify the actual structure of the factors, followed by confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). Findings: EFA categorized the factors into four classes: quality management; information sharing; strategic governance; and available technological infrastructure. CFA revealed that the strategic governance factor is most predictive of successfully adopting HITs that model the normative pressure of Institutional theory in health-care organizations. These results indicate that, along with considerations of finances, care quality and infrastructure, effective government involvement and policy-making are important for successful HIT adoption. Practical implications: Results reveal that stakeholders’ motivating factors for HIT adoption in a developed economy like the United Arab Emirates are based on considering HITs as a knowledge management mechanism. These factors may help other nations in HIT implementation and drive valuable innovations in the health-care sector. This research presents the implications for health-care professionals and stakeholders in relation to adopting HITs and their role in knowledge flow for efficient care. Originality/value: HITs offer an affordable and convenient platform for collaboration among diverse teams in the health-care sector. Apart from this, it helps in facilitating an interactive platform for knowledge creation and transfer for the benefit of users and providers. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Creating a future for elephants and people is a highly complex and dynamic challenge, involving social, behavioral, and ecological dimensions as well as multiple actors with various interests. To foster learning from human–elephant conflict (HEC) management projects and share best practices, a study was conducted to review the management of conflicts between elephants and humans in 12 African countries by qualitative expert interviews. Based on this information, a HEC management framework was developed in a two-tiered process. In the first phase, the theory of the framework was developed. In a second phase, the theoretical framework was validated and adjusted through stakeholder participation in two southern African projects (in Mozambique and Malawi). This holistic approach considers environmental as well as social, political, cultural, and economic factors directly or indirectly affecting interactions between people and wildlife. The framework integrates six interlinked strategies to guide managers and conservation practitioners to address HWC drivers and mitigate their impact. A legal environment and spatial planning form the basis of the framework. Social strategies, including meaningful stakeholder engagement and design of appropriate institutional structures and processes are considered the heart of the framework. Technical and financial strategies represent its arms and hands. At the top, monitoring steers all processes, provides feedback for adjustment, and informs decisions. The integration and coordination of these six strategies has great potential as a guiding route to human–wildlife coexistence in Africa and elsewhere. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) is the main legal instrument for controlling the impacts of human development projects in many countries, including Brazil. However, the way biodiversity is addressed as part of the EIA process has been discussed around the world, with concerns raised about poor-quality studies and a failure to achieve evidence-based decisions. To explore these concerns, we evaluated: 1) the quality of baseline biodiversity studies used to inform EIAs; 2) the predictions made about the impacts of the development on biodiversity and their relationship to baseline studies; and 3) the relevance of the quality of these baseline studies and the predicted impacts on the decisions made by the relevant licensing agency. To do this, we collected and analyzed EIAs associated with 78 development proposals from the State of Minas Gerais in southeastern Brazil, using medium and large-sized terrestrial mammals as indicators. We found baseline studies were basic and lacking scientific rigor, with no guiding questions or hypotheses, few ecological analyses, and that they omitted essential information about study design. The poor quality of biodiversity information in most baseline studies led to significant deficiencies in impact reports, with inadequate descriptions of the likely impacts of developments on biodiversity. Finally, we found that the shortcomings in both baseline studies and impact assessment reports had no relationship to decision-making, with poor quality EIAs still obtaining environmental licenses, which is alarming. Only in two decisions were cited some shortcoming of baseline studies as a reason for conditional approval. We conclude by providing a range of recommendations to help promote evidence-based decision-making in EIAs and improve the quality and transparency of the biodiversity data produced throughout Strategic Environmental Assessment (SEA) and EIA. © 2022
Price competition is thought to be more intense than quantity competition in oligopolies. By introducing strategic delegation contracts, this study challenges this belief. We consider management reward contracts based on relative performance, which is observed globally. We show that if marginal costs are increasing, quantity competition yields lower prices, smaller profits, and greater welfare than price competition. Then, we endogenize the mode of competition and find that both price and quantity competition can exist in equilibrium. Finally, we extend our analysis to include a mixed duopoly wherein a state-owned public firm competes with a private firm. We determine that the welfare-inferior outcome (price competition) appears in the unique equilibrium. Our findings suggest that price competition does not necessarily imply stricter competition among firms in either private or mixed oligopolies, which is important from an antitrust perspective. They also imply that coordination among firms regarding the mode of competition (contract form) may be harmful to society and should be monitored by antitrust agencies. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The article discusses how the conditions and influence of the financial system, including the banking sector, on the development of tourism in the conditions of the crisis of the global economic system are changing. A modern analysis of the state of the banking sector, indicators of assets and liabilities of second-tier banks, and the share of tourism in the formation of GDP has been carried out. Assessment of the current state of the credit activity of commercial banks in Kazakhstan, economic and mathematical forecast of its further development, development of proposals to improve the efficiency of the bank's financial management and substantiation of merits. Recommendations are given to improve the financial efficiency of the bank's management activities and the main directions of stabilization measures. It is noted that investments are a tool for financial stabilization of the economy, play a huge role in solving strategic and tactical tasks at the strategic level. All this should lead to financial stabilization of the economy, reduction of inflation, unemployment and economic growth. © 2022 by ASERS® Publishing. All rights reserved.
• Effective wildland fire response and suppression are critical for reducing the size of frequent and severe wildfires, thereby reducing the risk of post-fire conversion to invasive annual grass-dominated plant communities. • Wildland firefighter safety and strategic deployment of resources are paramount for timely initial attack to prevent incidents from escalating. • By mobilizing a timely and safe initial response, early detection technologies, strategic networks of fuel breaks, and Rangeland Fire Protection Associations help “minimize the bad days” on the fireline and improve suppression success on a vast and remote landscape. © 2021
Background: The relationship between climate adaptation strategies and nutrition security is poorly understood and often unclear. Although several adaptation strategies have been implemented to mitigate the impact of climate change, there is still a lack of conclusive evidence or studies on the interrelationships between adopted climate change adaptation strategies and nutrition outcomes. Objective: This study aimed to develop a conceptual framework that links climate change, adaptation strategies and nutrition and to show the indicators that can be used to assess the impact of climate adaptation strategies on nutrition. Methodology: The proposed conceptual framework was developed through a literature review. Results: A generic conceptual framework that could be used to assess the impact of adopted climate change adaptation strategies on nutrition outcomes was developed. The framework consists of 5 key elements: agro-food system, context characteristics, adaptation strategies, climatic shocks and stress, and system output. The principles used in designing the conceptual framework include systems approach, contingency theory, and system output. Conclusion: The developed framework offers a channel to evaluate adopted climate change adaptation strategies and their impact on nutrition outcomes. Such a conceptual framework can also be used in selecting and identifying more suitable climate adaptation strategies given specific contextual environments. © The Author(s) 2022.
Firm leaders expect their chief marketing officers (CMOs) to have significant impact on firm performance, and boards of directors (boards) consider marketing-related issues critical board-level priorities. Despite the importance of marketers and marketing to firm outcomes, boards do not appear to value CMOs at the strategy-setting level of the firm as they rarely include CMOs in board discussions and deliberations. The disconnect between the importance of marketing and the marginalization of marketers at the board level prompts the following question: How and in what ways may boards impact CMO performance? This research includes two reviews of the extant literature (from 1984 through 2021): (1) board impact on CMOs, and (2) board impact on the satisfaction, performance, and outcomes of the broader top management team (TMT), including chief financial officers, chief information officers, chief operating officers, chief technology officers, and chief strategy officers. We find that only four articles investigate the impact of boards on any functional TMT member’s performance and that none specifically consider how the board may impact CMO satisfaction, performance, and outcomes. Given the lack of research, we create a conceptual framework that links board characteristics to CMO outcomes and develop a research agenda with over 50 questions as the basis to develop scholarship. Importantly, this research highlights the paucity of insight regarding board-level influence on any functional TMT member, including the CMO. Consequently, the model and research agenda can benefit multiple disciplines including marketing, finance, information technology, operations, management, and human resources. © 2022, Academy of Marketing Science.
Management researchers rely frequently on theoretical perspectives originating in North American and European contexts. Given the influences context has on scholarship, the question becomes if using primarily Western theories provides researchers with the design insights needed to capture the robust context of the setting in which they conduct their studies. Herein, we seek to establish a foundation for developing fertile exchanges of ideas regarding contextualized management research. To do this, we examine some of the main theories in management studies through the heuristic lens of an ‘open systems’ framework that allows us to build on comparative management and institutional theories. We discuss existing theory advances in selected areas of management studies, including corporate governance, strategic management, entrepreneurship, and corporate social responsibility (CSR) to offer avenues for future research. Completing studies with a solid grounding in contextualized management theories has the potential to provide novel research avenues and opportunities to integrate diverse theoretical perspectives. We also identify a need for multidisciplinary research, epistemological openness, and methodological pluralism. © 2021 Society for the Advancement of Management Studies and John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The grain and oil food supply chain has a complex structure, long turnover cycles, and many stakeholders, so it is challenging to maintain the security of this supply chain. A reliable traceability system for the whole grain and oil food supply chain will help to improve the quality and safety of these products, thus enhancing people’s living standards. Driven by the trusted blockchain and trusted identity concepts, this paper constructs an information traceability model for the whole grain and oil food supply chain, and it describes how contract implementation and example verification are performed. First, an information traceability model framework of the whole grain and oil food supply chain is established based on the survey and analysis of the grain and oil food supply chain. Second, trusted identification, blockchain master–slave multi-chain storage, and trusted traceability mechanisms are designed. The trusted identification mechanism is used to track the data information of the whole grain and oil food supply chain. The blockchain master–slave multichain storage solves the problem of miscellaneous information caused by many links in the whole grain and oil supply chain, while the credible traceability mechanism ensures the credibility of information collection, storage, and transmission. Finally, based on the data flow, the model operation process is analyzed. Using the information traceability model, the grain and oil food trusted traceability system is designed and developed with the Hyperledger Fabric open-source framework, and a case study is conducted to verify the system. The results show that the model and system constructed in this study solve the problems of low data security and poor sharing, which exist widely in the traditional traceability mechanism, and enable the trusted uplink, storage, processing, and traceability of multi-source heterogeneous information in the lifecycle of the whole grain and oil food supply chain. The proposed system improves the granularity and accuracy of grain and oil food traceability, and provides support for the strategic security of grain stock. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Biochar has been put forward as a potential technology that could help achieve sustainable water management in agriculture through its ability to increase water holding capacity in soils. Despite this opportunity, there are still a limited number of studies, especially in vulnerable regions like the tropics, quantifying the impacts of biochar on soil water storage and characterizing the impacts of biochar additions on plant water composition. To address this critical gap, we present a case study using stable water isotopes and hydrometric data from melon production in tropical agriculture to explore the hydrological impacts of biochar as a soil amendment. Results from our 10-week growing season experiment in Costa Rica under drip irrigation demonstrated an average increase in volumetric soil moisture content of about 10% with an average moisture content of 25.4 cm3 cm−3 versus 23.1 cm3 cm−3, respectively, for biochar amended plots compared with control plots. Further, there was a reduction in the variability of soil matric potential for biochar amended plots compared with control plots. Our isotopic investigation demonstrated that for both biochar and control plots, there was a consistent increase (or enrichment) in isotopic composition for plant materials moving from the roots, where the average δ18O was −8.1‰ and the average δ2H was −58.5‰ across all plots and samples, up through the leaves, where the average δ18O was 4.3‰ and the average δ2H was 0.1‰ across all plots and samples. However, as there was no discernible difference in isotopic composition for plant water samples when comparing across biochar and control plots, we find that biochar did not alter the composition of water found in the melon plant material, indicating that biochar and plants are not competing for the same water sources. In addition, and through the holistic lens of sustainability, biochar additions allowed locally sourced feedstock carbon to be directly sequestered into the soil while improving soil water availability without jeopardizing production for the melon crop. Given that most of the expansion and intensification of global agricultural production over the next several decades will take place in the tropics and that the variability of tropical water cycling is expected to increase due to climate change, biochar amendments could offer a pathway forward towards sustainable tropical agricultural water management. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Airborne pests pose a major challenge in agriculture. Integrated pest management programs have been considered a viable response to this challenge, and pest forecasting can aid in strategic management decisions. Annually recurrent areawide sugarcane aphid [Melanaphis sacchari (Zehntner) (Hemiptera: Aphididae)] infestations of sorghum [Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench (Poales: Poaceae)] in the Great Plains of North America is one of such challenges. As part of the response, a spatially-explicit individual-based model was developed that simulates sugarcane aphid infestations over the southern-to-central part of the region. In this work, we evaluated model forecasts using 2015-2018 field data. The ranges of forecasted days of first infestation significantly overlapped with those observed in the field. The average days of first infestation observed in the field were approximated by the model with differences of less than 28 days in Texas and southern Oklahoma (2015-2018), and in northern Oklahoma (2016-2017). In half of these cases the difference was less than 14 days. In general, the modeled average day of first infestation was earlier than the observed one. As conceptual modeling decisions may impact model forecasts and as various socio-environmental factors may impact spatio-temporal patterns of field data collection, agreement between the forecasts and the observed estimates may vary between locations and seasons. Predictive modeling has the potential to occupy a central position within areawide integrated pest management programs. More detailed consideration of local agricultural practices and local environmental conditions could improve forecasting accuracy, as could broader participation of producers in field monitoring efforts. © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Entomological Society of America. All rights reserved.
The nursing shortage has caused health care systems—as employers—to re-evaluate how to support their nurses better, provide opportunities for nurses to achieve their goals, and address workforce shortages. In the white paper Pathways to Lessen the Nursing Shortage and Increase Equity in the Field for Working Adult Learners, a strategic plan is laid out to address workforce development via partnerships and innovative models. This column builds on that work to address the shortage of nurses in advanced roles. It examines how to account for the real lives of nurses who are working adult learners, including credit for prior learning, and how ANCC accredited CE can be leveraged to propel academic and professional role advancement. The time is now for health care organizations and institutions of higher education to partner and create meaningful talent pipelines and innovate and evolve the growth and learning of nurses on a continuum. [J Contin Educ Nurs. 2022;53(6):246-250.]. © 2022, Slack Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Relations between the EU and Russia are usually analyzed from a political or economic point of view. There is however not enough thinking on the legal impact of political measures or political consequences of a legal response to complex political socio-economic concerns. This approach will allow partially explain the current disagreements. This research critically analyzes the most ideological positions from both sides and answers to the strategic need for a normalization of this bilateral relationship and its management after the war, as we need a European path to recover security and growth. This contribution concentrates on three main aspects of the EU-Russia relationship: the legal obligations in the field of international trade, the security competition, and the legal consequences of the energy market regulation. In all three, I make proposals for fixing these points of contention. These proposals are not idealistic but based on facts that show the need for a correct relationship with a neighboring State. Thereby, the article contributes to the analysis of the bilateral relationship, not only political and economic but also legal. The article ends with several suggestions for a future new Strategy in the years to come, after reaching a consensus among the EU Member States. Nonetheless, it will provide elements to debate for both, the Commission's Political Priorities and for the European Council Strategic Agenda setting up. © 2022 Asociacion Espanola de Profesores de Derecho internacional y Relaciones internacionales. All rights reserved.
We examine an unexplored side of management control systems (MCS): their links with real earnings management. We propose that interactive use of MCS supports management in identifying, evaluating, selecting, and implementing real actions that conceptually would be classified as real earnings management (REM). Interactive MCS use is predicted to enhance managerial REM actions that retain the focus of the organization on its strategic objectives, leading to higher future performance. We test our research model empirically with survey and archival data. The results support our predictions. Finally, we explore the role of other levers of control. © 2021 The Author(s)
Făgăraș Land (Romania) is a very old administrative formation with its own identity, preserved from the beginning of the Middle Ages. The mapping of the intangible cultural heritage (ICH) highlighted the groups of caroling lads as the main strategic heritage resource, but also the existence of many other ICH resources that can be exploited towards the sustainable development of the area. These include local soups, an ICH gastronomic resource that can help build the area’s tourism brand. All resources, together with the peculiarities of the local medieval history, the memory of the anti-communist resistance in the Făgăraș Mountains and the religious pilgrimage to the local Orthodox monasteries, support the configuration of Făgăraș Land as a multidimensional associative cultural landscape. The content analysis of the information on ICH available on the official websites of the administrative territorial units (ATUs), correlated with the data from the interviews with local leaders, highlighted the types of local narratives regarding the capitalization of cultural resources and the openness to culture-centered community-based development, namely glocal, dynamic local and static local visions. The unitary and integrated approach of tourist resources, tourism social entrepreneurship, support from the local commons and a better management of the local cultural potential are ways to capitalize on belonging to the Făgăraș Land cultural landscape, towards sustainable community development of the area. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The causes of bushfires are extremely complex, and their scale of burning and probability of occurrence are influenced by the interaction of a variety of factors such as meteorological factors, topography, human activity and vegetation type. An in-depth understanding of the combined mechanisms of factors affecting the occurrence and spread of bushfires is needed to support the development of effective fire prevention plans and fire suppression measures and aid planning for geographic, ecological maintenance and urban emergency management. This study aimed to explore how bushfires, meteorological variability and other natural factors have interacted over the past 40 years in NSW Australia and how these influencing factors synergistically drive bushfires. The CSIRO’s Spark toolkit has been used to simulate bushfire burning spread over 24 h. The study uses NSW wildfire data from 1981–2020, combined with meteorological factors (temperature, precipitation, wind speed), vegetation data (NDVI data, vegetation type) and topography (slope, soil moisture) data to analyse the relationship between bushfires and influencing factors quantitatively. Machine learning-random forest regression was then used to determine the differences in the influence of bushfire factors on the incidence and burn scale of bushfires. Finally, the data on each influence factor was imported into Spark, and the results of the random forest model were used to set different influence weights in Spark to visualise the spread of bushfires burning over 24 h in four hotspot regions of bushfire in NSW. Wind speed, air temperature and soil moisture were found to have the most significant influence on the spread of bushfires, with the combined contribution of these three factors exceeding 60%, determining the spread of bushfires and the scale of burning. Precipitation and vegetation showed a greater influence on the annual frequency of bushfires. In addition, burn simulations show that wind direction influences the main direction of fire spread, whereas the shape of the flame front is mainly due to the influence of land classification. Besides, the simulation results from Spark could predict the temporal and spatial spread of fire, which is a potential decision aid for fireproofing agencies. The results of this study can inform how fire agencies can better understand fire occurrence mechanisms and use bushfire prediction and simulation techniques to support both their operational (short-term) and strategic (long-term) fire management responses and policies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Autonomous ships are promising technologies to enhance ocean sustainability (i.e., reduced air and water pollution, and illegal waste discharge), safety, maritime shipping automatization, and efficiency. Hence, examining the critical success factors (CSFs) of autonomous ship adoption is important. Nonetheless, no studies have holistically investigated the enablers of autonomous ship adoption, anchoring on strategic management principles. Hence, our paper addresses this research gap by proposing a theory-driven model which identifies and ranks the CSFs. Four theories, namely, diffusion of innovation, resource-based view, stakeholder theory, and contingency theory are synthesized to identify the four main CSFs and 17 sub-factors. Interviews were conducted and a survey questionnaire was administered to 126 managers working in shipping companies. Fuzzy analytic hierarchy process was applied to evaluate the relative importance of CSFs. It is found that the main CSFs are: (1) technological readiness, (2) environmental fit, (3) organizational resources, and (4) stakeholder readiness. Policy recommendations on promoting technological advancement in autonomous ships; formulating supportive legal frameworks and insurance regimes; creating an innovation-supportive environment; enabling cost subsidization; and providing workforce planning, training and allocation are provided to support autonomous ship adoption. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Initiatives in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) can contribute to many programs for sustainable development. The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region is considered to have been slower to change in CSR than have other Western developed countries. The purpose of this research is to explore examples in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) of how project initiatives in CSR and sustainable development can facilitate heightened awareness, engagement, and execution of action for sustainability. This research utilizes qualitative case study methods analysing a United Nations (UN) supported annual youth engagement program focused on implementation of sustainable development projects in the UAE. The varying degrees of project complexity and “programmification” of sustainability activities in the UAE reveals a more systematic and mature stage of CSR and sustainable development projects and programs than is reported in the literature. The application of project management to organize, implement, align, and monitor sustainability-centred programs provides knowledge relevant to the UAE and other countries interested in the strategic management of change. The study demonstrates the application and value of project management for implementing sustainable development initiatives and highlights the collaborative contribution of corporate and governmental stakeholders to project management in organizations. An important area for future research on sustainable development in the MENA region is to study corporate and public sector partnerships in CSR projects and sustainability programs. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
EU islands face vast challenges to cope with climate targets while handling complex stakeholders’ networks. This study aims to propose a Participatory Process Protocol to enhance the output of energy plans and projects through the effective engagement of local stakeholders. A knowledge transfer methodology is set to build on a successful experience of the Mediterranean port-cities of Málaga, Cádiz and Sète, now adapted into the case of European Union’s islands advancing with energy developments. First, a clustering analysis is carried out for inhabited islands, resulting in 4 clusters that serve as the classification for the calculation of energy transition Key Performance Indicators according to information received from 70 islands. Based on this, the original Protocol is restructured as a complement for the Sustainable Energy and Climate Action Plan methodology, the one most adopted by European islands. Finally, how the Protocol might be implemented depending on the particularities of each cluster is discussed, as well as for the case of Spanish islands (Gran Canaria, Tenerife, and La Palma). Specific suggestions and key recommendations for the implementation of the Participatory Process Protocol are mentioned, as an instrument that could raise strategic suggestions from stakeholders to enhance the results of decision-making processes. © 2022, Aalborg University press. All rights reserved.
In order to adopt a strategic model which aims to mitigate the environmental pressures exerted by the process of unbridled urbanization, the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), an international agreement that permeates its conservation, the sustainable use of its resources and the equitable sharing of its resources, approved in 2010 the creation of the City Biodiversity Index (CBI), a political-legal instrument that aims to assess its management and progress. Later in 2016, the “Sorocaba: the city of biodiversity” program was launched by Secretariat for the Environment and Sustainability (SEMA), consisting of six specific objectives and among them, the establishment of criteria for the evaluation of conservation measures through indicators adapted from CBI, in order to propagate the urban ecology and ecosystems importance. Given the above, this study aimed to prove the compatibility between urban centers and biodiversity and to evaluate the environmental management of the city of Sorocaba, located in the interior of the State of São Paulo, through the application of 23 CBI indicators and semi-structured interviews with environmental technicians of the municipality, in order to raise possible strategies in the conservation of biodiversity. The sum of the indicators resulted in a value of 57 points out of a total of 92 (61.9%), showing that, although Sorocaba has a relevant biodiversity, the low score of many indicators implies a need for greater mobilization of government spheres and the successive application of the CBI, in order to expand the conservation and environmental management of the city agenda over the years, strategy agreed among the technicians interviewed. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Land-use frontiers are territories with abundant land for agriculture and forestry, availability of natural resources relative to labor or capital and predisposed to rapid land-use change, often driven by large-scale land investments and capitalized actors, producing commodities for distal markets. Strategic spatial planning (SSP) represents a consolidated long-term governance practice across high- and low-income countries. One of the objectives of SSP processes is to articulate a more coherent and future-oriented spatial logic for the sustainability of land-use patterns and typologies, natural-resources protection, and investments. SSP may thus constitute a useful approach in addressing some of the challenges affecting land governance in frontier settings; to date, its potential contribution to land-use frontiers lacks explicit exploration. In this paper, we examine how SSP can play a role in governing land-use frontiers through a case-study analysis of Mozambique as an emerging frontier, located on the southeast coast of Africa. We gathered empirical evidence by interviewing experts involved in resource management, territorial planning, and development in the country. The theoretical spine of the paper builds on the literature focusing on land-use challenges and SSP. We show that emerging land-use frontiers face several challenges, such as transnational land deals and the intensification of commercial plantations. Interview data show that several structural factors are hindering the establishment of a long-term territorial development strategy. These are, among others, the short-termism of political cycles and the absence of a long-term strategic vision. Our analysis reveals that SSP processes could contribute to addressing land-use challenges in frontier contexts, such as poverty traps and land degradation spirals, should various local and distant actors join forces and marry interests. We conclude by presenting a systematic rationale, explaining how SSP could play a role in governing land-use frontiers, with a view to promoting the well-being and sustainability of rural communities. © 2022 by the author(s)
Purpose: This study aims to review and try to understand the importance of complexity management for maritime business to gain competitiveness in global business environment. The purpose of the study is to discuss and evaluate managing change and requirements of understanding the complexity management. Design/methodology/approach: To find peer-reviewed journal publications, a large scientific database used by searching Web of Science and Scopus as the most relevant abstract and citation databases that provide peer-reviewed literature data for many different academic disciplines and selected papers evaluated from the maritime business context. Findings: As a conceptual paper, the contribution of the study is to offer practical/required management applications with the help of six proposes for making better management decisions to confront future challenges to catch organizational competitiveness and success. With adaptation of complexity management, maritime stakeholders able to create an important core competency. Research limitations/implications: The research has some limitations and further research into this area should be extended. This study is designed as a first step to provide an insight to the field and to understand the main views of the subject. Subsequently, complexity management in maritime business is a slightly deficient area of research, which offers remarkable research opportunities. First, it would be fruitful to collect qualitative data to examine the current issues and changing business environment of the maritime business. Second, it would be helpful develop quantitative models to offer practical solutions from the maritime stakeholders’ point of view according to loading/discharging/transportation requirements. Future studies should deepen the subject with the help of simulation models of operations or agent based applications of stakeholder problems or vessel/ship-owner management implementations to understand changing circumstances of new business environment for the sake of managing complexity. Practical implications: As the core point of view in strategic management; “achieving and sustaining” competitive advantage in organizations always takes an important place in organizational survival. With the help mentioned proposes stakeholders of the system could understand the ways of dealing with the complexities of new business world which enhances organizational competitiveness. Social implications: Maritime business could be defined as a social ecosystem which has it is own dynamics and customs. Socio-eco systems, like all complex systems, show unique non-linear dynamics in space and time which could be tough to define via classical quantitative methods. Organizations co-exist and co-evolve with their environment. It is possible that organizations effect their environment and gain some control over it while at the same time affected from environment and should steer the new trends. Originality/value: The originality of the study lies in highlighting the importance of change management as a handler of complexity management for maritime business. The contribution of the paper is to indicate expected opportunities and challenges of smart changes for relevant readiness of maritime business for better management decisions, benefiting maritime business stakeholders by simultaneously enhancing effectiveness to confront future demands to achieve organizational competitiveness. With the help of proper complexity management lenses organizations could able to create their source of competitive advantage that represents capacity to align and enable required functions under tough contextual environment. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Accelerated urbanization, changes in climate and rapid increase in urban population have several impacts on the urban hydrological cycle. Severe water stress and urban flooding are evident in urban cities and hence, smart cities, which are water-sensitive are the need of the hour. Extreme climate events and frequent urban flash floods, effect the performance and development of smart cities. Sustainable integrated urban flood management strategies are considered to be crucial in planning and development of smart cities. High rainfall intensity—short duration flash floods occur frequently in high-density-core urban areas causing disruption of social life, economic activities and infrastructural damages. Urban floods have become disastrous, due to random and unplanned urbanization, inefficient drainage systems and lack of real-time monitoring technologies. Urban floods are also accompanied with huge flood runoff which can be routed, stored and used for other smart city applications. This study highlights the various sustainable integrated urban flood management strategies and technologies in development of water-smart city. Framework for managing urban floods and planning of smart cities using smart source control systems, digital automations, remote-sensing applications and real-time technologies are reviewed. As a part of case study, current urban flood management strategies in Indian smart cities are discussed. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Much of the development of the low elevation coastal zone has involved the reclamation of low-lying floodplains and wetlands through the construction of flood mitigation and drainage systems. These systems function throughout the tidal range, protecting from high tides while draining excess catchment flows to the low tide. However, drainage can only be achieved under gravity when water levels in the catchment drains are higher than those in the estuary. Changes to the tidal range and to the duration of the rising and falling tides that occur throughout estuarine waters will result in dynamic variations in the window of opportunity for gravity discharge within and between different catchments and under sea level rise (SLR). Existing concerns regarding SLR impacts have focused on the acute effects of higher water levels, but SLR will affect the full tidal range, and drainage systems will be particularly vulnerable to changes in the low tide. This study introduces the concept of the drainage window to address this limitation by assessing how the present-day and future SLR tidal regimes may influence the drainage of different estuarine floodplains. Applying the drainage window to two different estuaries indicated that SLR may substantially reduce the opportunity for discharging many estuarine floodplain drainage systems. Reduced drainage creates a host of chronic problems that may necessitate changes to existing land uses. A holistic assessment of future changes to all water levels (including low tide levels and extended flood recession periods) is required to inform strategic land use planning and estuarine management. © 2022 The Authors.
Lithuania's electricity sector has one of the EU's highest dependency rates, with about seventy percent of consumed electricity being generated abroad. This high rate was accentuated by the fact that until 2015 the dependency was on a sole country, namely the Russian Federation. With virtually no primary energy resources of its own, Lithuania progressed from a pro-nuclear to a renewable national energy strategy in just one decade. Based on the revised Copenhagen Securitization School, this article analyses energy security perceptions as a factor that determines the recent turn in Lithuanian energy strategy. Our findings show that renewable energy policy was shaped by the perception of potential energy security threats, but in contrast to the theory of securitization we identify achieving a high degree of perceived energy security as the primary enabler of renewable energy. The analysis of political processes leading to two distinct national energy strategies (2009–2012; 2013–2018) shows that rather than renewable energy being installed because of the energy security concerns related to the high dependency rate, it was the desecuritization of energy supply which allowed the turn to a renewables-based strategy. Only after a certain level of perceived energy security was established by linking up to the European energy landscape, Lithuania found it permissible to base its national energy strategy on renewables. The findings shed light on Europe's geography of (de)securitization, an East-West split within the European Union in terms of renewables and energy security. On the basis of our findings we conclude that the current geopolitical crisis in Eastern Europe is greatly affecting this geography, possibly to the detriment of the transition to renewable energy. © 2022 The Authors
The implementation of railway intelligent construction is the need of national strategic development and the demand of society. Based on the idea of system engineering, this paper pro-poses a three‐dimensional railway intelligent construction system architecture composed of a full life cycle, management level and technical support. Based on this architecture, a “three‐step” implementation path is proposed. Then, it analyzes the technology support framework required in the architecture based on Building Information Modeling (BIM), incorporating Global Positioning System (GPS) and Geographic Information System (GIS), algorithmic prediction and machine learning technology, Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence technology, big data and cloud computing technology, and the application of railway intelligent construction system architecture is analyzed by taking a railway tunnel project in Zhejiang Province of China as an example. Finally, it discusses the problems that may be encountered in the implementation of railway intelligent construction and puts forward relevant suggestions. The results show that railway intelligent construction is an essential way. At present, China’s railway intelligent construction is still in the primary stage. The design organization should do a good job in the top‐level design and accumulate sufficient data for the later stage. All parties in the middle stage of construction should do a good job in the induction and integration of information and accumulate sufficient experience. In this way, we can integrate into the advanced stage and give full play to the advantages of software and hardware integrated applications such as BIM, IoT, big data, cloud computing and intelligent devices so as to truly realize the intellectualization and modernization of railway construction. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Multiple studies highlight the link between engagement at work and performance, influencing organizations to put more effort into improving employee engagement levels. In this study, we begin to examine the influence of multiple psychological parameters on employees’ work engagement (WE) within the public sector. The idea is to break the concept of WE down into eight individually measurable parameters that will allow for a better understanding and development of stronger interventions. Based on this analysis, we reproduce the outcome that strategic clarity is the most connected property to WE. More importantly, we introduce a new concept, honest mistakes, and show that having a safe space for making mistakes and learning from it is the second most important property of WE. This result is of interest, as allowing mistakes, even if they were made innocently, is considered taboo in the public sector. These outcomes are based on the reports of n = 7682 public sector employees from Brazil. In particular, the analysis shows that these outcomes hold for both professional and management positions across the health, administrative, justice, police, social work, and education offices. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The current global uncertainty in the business environment has delivered negative impact on the Indonesian economy, resulting in problems that arise for large-scale corporate companies that have many Strategic Business Units (SBU) under them. This condition presents a challenge for corporate companies where one of the main roles is to regulate all SBU to be able to produce optimal performance through the established Management Control System (MCS). One of the MCS that need to be studied more deeply academically is reward system that is expected to be able to improve SBU performance through Organizational Learning Culture (OLC) and innovation capability. This study aims to empirically prove the development of a more comprehensive model to improve the SBU performance, especially in SBU context for corporate companies in Indonesia. This is a causal quantitative with total samples is 72 respondents. The results prove that reward system has a significant positive effect on SBU performance, innovation capability, and OLC. OLC has a significant positive effect on innovation capability, but has no significant positive effect on SBU performance. The innovation capability has a significant positive effect on SBU performance. Meanwhile, innovation capability is proven to be a mediating variable for the effect of reward system on SBU performance, and the influence of OLC on SBU performance. OLC is proven to be a mediating variable of the effect of reward system on innovation capability, but it is not proven to be a mediating variable of the effect of reward system on SBU performance. © 2022, SRAC - Romanian Society for Quality. All rights reserved.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to describe and interpret the atypical case of Uruguay related to quality assurance, evaluation and accreditation of Higher Education in Uruguay. Design/methodology/approach: To do so, a Higher Education conceptual framework is developed, focusing on quality assurance and formulating some “hypotheses” (conjectural ways of thinking within a qualitative tradition). The method to collect data includes the use of document observation, secondary information from official databases and interviews with an intentional sample of 10 experts and key informants. The analysis is developed through some conceptual dimensions emerging from the precedent sources (public policy and the role of the state, changes in the system of science, technology and innovation linked to Higher Education, the influence of the regional integration process and the weak public demand for quality assurance). Findings: The paper also presents and discusses the atypical country’s experience regarding the lack of a national quality assurance policy and the structural dynamic of delaying main transformations by adopting graduate changes. Research limitations/implications: The study analyzes the recent process of Higher Education policies oriented to quality assurance in the two decades and a half between 1996 and 2021, focusing especially on the recent years (2019–2020). Practical implications: The findings indicate that the Higher Education system needs to update its structure and shape, withdrawing fragmentation and consolidating a national system able to promote quality. The paper offers some inputs to strategic planning and debate. Social implications: Reforming Higher Education is key to change the social logic of High School, which still operates as a social selective mechanism, mainly oriented to the professional application rather than to knowledge production or management. Originality/value: The paper contributes to the political and academic debate through some conceptual categories emerging from the study. The previous description of academic literature about Uruguay Higher Education quality assurance (QA) did not include either the new situation created by the approval of contradictory laws or the interpretation of this public policy arranged as a “structural dynamic of delay of the main transformations by adopting graduate and incremental changes”. Whether any originality could be found in the paper, it would be this way of interpreting the process of QA in Uruguay. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Climate change and variability has far reaching impacts on agriculture particularly in ecologically sensitive areas like the Himalayas. The present study attempts to understand the farmer’s perception and adaptation strategies to changing climate in Lidder watershed of Kashmir Himalayas, India. Based on a cross-sectional database of 266 farm operating families, the study adopts a bottom-up approach to investigate farmer’s perceptions of changes in climatic variables as well as various farm-level adaptation measures, determinants and barriers at the farm-household level. The results show that the majority of farmers have developed a perception of climate change and have engaged themselves in adaptive behaviour with regard to agricultural land use and planning. A weighted average index used to measure the most relevant adaptation strategies revealed that conversion of agricultural land to horticulture, improving irrigational facilities and water harvesting were the main adaptation methods implemented by farmers in the study area. Utilizing the logit regression model, the study confirmed that household characteristics such as land holding size, age of the farmer, years of schooling, farm experience and labour force highly influence household decisions to adapt to climate change. The study calls for policy intervention at the farm-household level to enhance the adaptive capacity of farmers in the region. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
Purpose-The question of how a business organization makes and executes itsorganizational policies, programs, and action plans and how they follow through with their implementation remains of paramount significance to the organization. This study investigatesthe impacts of strategic client focus, strategic human capital, strategic management outcomes, and technology on organizational performance. Material and Methods-Data collected from 408 employees of a selected organization in Tripoli, Libya,was used to verify the abovementioned relationships via PLS-SEM. A structured questionnaire was utilized to extract information from respondents using primary data. The data was evaluated using the probabilistic random sampling technique. Findings-The results revealed that strategic client focus has a significant impact on the organization's performance.The impact of strategic human capital on organizational performance is essential. Strategic management outcomes and technology influence organizational performance. Research Limitations-Resultsin this study are limited to the Libyan banks. Practical Implications-The outcomes of this study have crucial practical implications for organizations in Libya. The study suggests that the company's managementshould seek to implement strategic management drivers andthe other strategic management drivers assessed in this study. © 2022 Hindawi Limited. All rights reserved.
The tendency for crises to erupt on social media raises the question: How can strategic communication professionals determine the likelihood that these social media-borne warning signs of an impending crisis (often referred to as a paracrisis) will impact the organization? This study evaluated paracrisis through a semantic network analysis of two cases of claims of racism against two brands, Prada and Gucci. Using interactivity as the lens for evaluating social media claims against an organization revealed paracrisis characteristics, including referencing activities, social tagging and calls for action against corporate misconduct. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The importance of the collective management of immaterial resources is a key variable in the valorisation of products in a post-industrial economy. The purpose of this paper is to analyse how, in post-industrial economies, it is possible to devise alternative forms of mediation between producers and consumers, such as organic farmers' markets, to curb the appropriation of rent by transnational and/or local business elites from the value created by immaterial resources. More specifically, we analyse those aspects of the collective management of ethical values that, in the case of organic farmers' markets, can be a strategic source of competitive advantage for local producers. In this paper, the Ecomercado de Granada is studied as an example of mediation between production and consumption in a post-industrial economy. © 2022, The Author(s).
This paper introduces a Python application for visualizing the 3D stratigraphic architecture of porous sedimentary media. The application uses the parameter granulometry deduced from borehole lithological records to create interactive 3D HTML models of essential stratigraphic elements. On the basis of the high density of boreholes and the subsequent geological knowledge gained during the last six decades, the Quaternary onshore Llobregat River Delta (LRD) in northeastern Spain was selected to show the application. The public granulometry dataset produced by the Water Authority of Catalonia from 433 boreholes in this strategic coastal groundwater body was clustered into the clay–silt, coarse sand, and gravel classes. Three interactive 3D HTML models were created. The first shows the location of the boreholes granulometry. The second includes the main gravel and coarse sand sedimentary bodies (lithosomes) associated with the identified three stratigraphic intervals, called lower (>50 m b.s.l.) in the distal LRD sector, middle (20–50 m b.s.l.) in the central LRD, and upper (<20 m b.s.l.) spread over the entire LRD. The third deals with the basement (Pliocene and older rocks) top surface, which shows an overall steeped shape deepening toward the marine platform and local horsts, probably due to faulting. The modeled stratigraphic elements match well with the sedimentary structures reported in recent scientific publications. This proves the good performance of this incipient Python application for visualizing the 3D stratigraphic architecture, which is a crucial stage for groundwater management and governance. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: This study examines the mediating role of the fairness of performance appraisal on the association between the extent of use of strategic performance measurement systems (SPMSs) with SPMS effectiveness. Design/methodology/approach: Data were collected using an online survey distributed to 656 Australian middle and lower level managers. Findings: The findings reveal that informational fairness mediates the association between SPMSs (link to value drivers and the use of multidimensional performance measures) with performance-related outcomes; procedural fairness mediates the association between SPMSs (link to strategy and the use of multidimensional performance measures) with staff-related outcomes and distributive fairness mediates the association between the use of SPMSs (all three types) with both performance and staff-related outcomes. Originality/value: The study provides a unique insight into the importance of fairness (the distributive, informational and procedural fairness of the performance appraisal system) in mediating the associations between the extent of use of SPMSs and SPMS effectiveness. The findings contribute to the human resource management (HRM) “black box” literature by providing an insight into the behavioural mechanism through which a specific human resource management practice (i.e. the SPMS) influences organisational performance. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This study examines the transaction costs of collaborative watershed management in the Cuyahoga River Area of Concern (AOC)—one of the 43 geographic areas designated by the U.S. and Canada Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement (GLWQA), where significant impairment of beneficial uses has occurred as a result of human activities. The Cuyahoga River is located in Northeast Ohio, the U. S. and flows through the City of Cleveland before draining into Lake Erie—one of the five Great Lakes of North America. The watershed is degraded due to municipal and agricultural discharges, streambank erosion, and contamination from urban and industrial sources. This research explores how a diverse group of stakeholders convened under the Cuyahoga River AOC Advisory Committee to share information, coordinate activities, agree on activities that restore beneficial uses, and support strategic management actions. In this study, 23 semi-structured interviews with members of the advisory committee were conducted between January 28, 2020 and April 20, 2020, with follow-up emails and phone calls as needed to corroborate information. A review of research articles and government documents supported the interviews, including United States Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) and Ohio Environment Production Agency (OEPA) reports on the GLWQA and Cuyahoga River Remedial Action Plans. A third source of data is from direct participant observation at quarterly meetings of the advisory committee during 2017–2020, binational AOC conferences in 2017 and 2019, and other professional events geared towards restoring the Cuyahoga River AOC in 2016–2020. Results help to explain the collaborative process within the advisory committee and measure the institutional performance of the advisory committee in terms of efficiency, equitability, accountability, and adaptability. Results of this study include a set of recommendations to help guide group structure and decision-making processes, including (1) employing best available technology to organize AOC events and disseminate information; (2) supporting new members with an orientation and/or mentor to clearly define formal and informal committee rules; (3) assuring equal access to detailed information on management action plans with a real time dashboard; (4) updating voting procedures and the prioritization of management actions; and (5) better incorporating underrepresented local communities and high-level decision makers from municipalities, government agencies, and nongovernmental organizations located within the Cuyahoga River AOC. © 2022 Xinjiang Institute of Ecology and Geography, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Abstract: This article considers trends in the field of spatial development and regional policy of the Russian Federation in the last five years against the backdrop of global trends, external challenges, and threats. The features of the so-called “eastern vector” of the spatial development of Russia as a new element of the country’s spatial policy and as an important direction of its cross-border interactions have been revealed. It has been shown that, so far, its implementation is dominated by state support for Far Eastern investment projects and priority development areas, while Siberia and its regions are practically excluded from this strategic initiative. Trends in the field of national, interregional, and regional strategizing have been analyzed (based on the example of the Strategy for the Spatial Development of the Russian Federation, the Strategy for the Socioeconomic Development of the Angara-Yenisey Macroregion, strategies and models of development and management implemented in the Novosibirsk and Kemerovo oblasts). Based on the analysis of the statements of the highest officials of the state, a synopsis of the latest strategic initiatives in the field of state management of spatial development processes has been formulated. The conclusion has been substantiated that even in the extremely difficult conditions of Russia’s development observed in the last five years, new strategic initiatives gradually began to appear, and new trends were formed. On the one hand, they provided grounds for cautious optimism regarding the modernization of regional policy and the spatial development of the country. On the other hand, under geopolitical and economic conditions that have taken shape since the spring of 2022, these trends should be reassessed in the light of new realities. © 2022, Pleiades Publishing, Ltd.
The modern port structure is configured as territorial system of productive aggregation (hub) of a complex nature, strongly linked to the productive fabric of a larger territory and in close relationship with the context in which the port is physically located. In the development of processes of innovation and improvement of the sustainability of the activities connected to the port, a strong connection is necessary between all the local stakeholders who, each for the functions of their own competence, can activate improvement processes with common objectives. This paper describes a framework for the activation and coordination of a Locally Integrated Partnership (LIP) towards the development of a multi-term Smart Port Management Strategy (SPMS) to support innovation processes in the sustainable and safe management of the port. The methodology was applied to the case study of the port of Ravenna (Italy) where the state-owned areas managed by Port Authority (public authority managing the port area) are limited to 50 mt-width harbour quay, while the remaining areas are owned by private companies. The result was the development and the implementation of the roadmap for the development of the SPMS of Ravenna Port with a multi-stakeholder participatory approach. This process favoured the activation of many public funds to modernize port infrastructure, as well as private investments for the development and dissemination of innovations and for the sustainable use of port area. This has shown how the development and coordination of a local LIP makes it possible to make synergies between stakeholders more effective in accessing financing funds and sharing development strategies aimed at innovation and sustainability. The framework developed and tested to the case study demonstrated the benefits of a participatory and inclusive process in decision-making processes, with a benefit for all the key aspects of sustainability. This process can be used, following step-by-step, as a guideline for other port areas. © 2022
Over time, public universities have been involved in a process of modernisation based on a new concept of governance and managerial methods for increasing efficiency and effectiveness, as well as transparency and accountability. This paper aims to investigate the link between strategic planning systems and performance management systems in Italian universities by answering the following research question: to what extent do strategic planning tools contribute to performance management systems and, vice versa, to what extent can performance management systems help in the reshaping of universities’ strategies? To this end, we adopt a qualitative approach by conducting a multiple case-study analysis in the Italian context. Data are gathered through documentary analysis and interviews as primary research methods. Since scholars have mainly focused their attention on strategic planning or performance management in universities in isolation, the originality of this research lies in the attempt to connect these two important research fields, whose mutual interdependences are still to a certain extent unexplored. The implications of this study concern recommendations and suggestions for universities’ governance bodies to support their decision-making processes in the definition of their long-term objectives and performance management systems. © 2022, The Author(s).
According to a United Nations report, the proportion of the urban population living in informal houses worldwide had reached 23.5% in 2018, which means over 1 billion people have been living in slums, and an estimated 3 billion people will be requiring affordable housing by 2030. Slums are often linked to developing countries, where weak governance and misled socio-economic choices aggravate the situation and lead to continual conflict with the authorities. This research aims to model this conflict through Game Theory and shed the light on the different parameters that influence the decision-making process and finally propose a management model to limit the spread of this phenomenon as much as possible. This model will be applied in the city of Hassi Bahbah using ABM, the results of the game modeling allowed us to extract the delta threshold which will allow decision-makers to know when they have to make decisions. Our study aims to offer decision-makers a tool based on our model, allowing them to better manage and thus monitor the evolution of informal houses. The authors hope that the findings could provide means and insights for policies and strategic directions in land uses and planning systems. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The CEO-TMT interface, defined as the linkage and interaction between the CEO and other top managers, has received increasing attention from scholars in different disciplines. This stream of research aims to unveil how CEOs and other executives interact with one another, influence each other, and become involved in collective activities that shape the fate of organizations. Yet, despite the burgeoning interest in this area, extant CEO-TMT research is characterized by various and disconnected assumptions about the interfacing roles through which CEOs and TMTs exercise strategic leadership. Drawing on role theory, we review extant CEO-TMT interface research in different disciplines, and systematically organize the various CEO-TMT role assumptions into three role-theory specifications: functionalism, social-interactionism, and structuralism. In taking stock of the three role specifications, we provide a critique of the strengths and boundaries of each, and chart directions toward an integrated ‘multi-role’ understanding of the CEO-TMT interface in strategic leadership. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Attention to Smart Infrastructure (SI) has risen due to its advantages, including better access, increased quality of life, and simplified maintenance management. To develop SI, Public– Private Partnerships (PPPs) are identified as potentially beneficial procurement strategies, which boost capacities to manage risks by pooling diverse resources. However, the applicability of PPP in SI developments in developed countries is scarcely researched. This may be due to underestimating the other potential benefits from PPP, although developed countries may have their own funding to develop SI. Hence, this research aims to evaluate the significant factors influencing the success of PPP in SI projects in developed countries based on public-sector satisfaction (S1), private-sector satisfaction (S2), and end-user satisfaction (S3). A comprehensive literature review was followed by expert interviews and an international survey, focusing on developed countries. The Partial Least Squares Structural Equation Modeling (PLS-SEM) technique was applied to map the connections amongst the influencing factors and S1, S2, and S3. The results reveal that legal and political-related factors significantly impact on S2 and S3, while social barriers significantly impact on S1. The effect of the constructs and factors on S1, S2, and S3 along with their rankings are unveiled in this research paper, providing a sound basis to increase success levels and minimize shortfalls in PPP to boost SI developments in developed countries. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The COVID-19 pandemic fundamentally changed professional service firm (PSF) operations, most visible perhaps in the transition to a work from home economy. This study is a deep dive into management consulting (a common type of PSF) and describes the impact of the pandemic on short- and long-term operations. It uses a mixed-method approach to data collection (primary/secondary and quantitative/qualitative) to explain the operational adaptations that consulting firms made in response to the pandemic and the service innovations that resulted. During the pandemic, disruptions to client mix, customer experience, customer acquisition, and employee lifestyle triggered new organizational challenges in strategic planning, marketing, employee relations, and cost control. Firms responded by modifying operational characteristics (e.g., customer engagement, customization, knowledge intensity, and capital intensity). Successful operational adaptations led to service innovation (most commonly in product, strategy, delivery, and marketing). The study finishes with an exploration of how the lessons learned in management consulting may provide a road map for other PSFs and more generalized services in a post-pandemic world. © 2022 INFORMS
The present study involves the discussion of the relationship between state tourism plans and territorial brands in the scenario of Brazilian states. The objective is to understand if (and how) Rio Grande do Norte (RN), Rondônia (RO) and the Rio Grande do Sul (RS) states would be developing their state tourism plans based on territorial marks as a strategy for tourism development, as well as the level of insertion of these marks in these specific documents. The methodology has a qualitative nature, with a descriptive-explanatory study. Applied bibliographic and documentary research, with data collection on the official tourism websites, in addition to the Strategic and Tourism Marketing Plans and territorial brands adopted in the three states analyzed. The comparative analysis between the investigated realities is made from the deepening of eight pre-established analytical categories. The results show that the RN is at a more advanced level regarding the strategies of expanding its tourist brand. In RS, tourism development actions have been losing ground, revealing the need to recover and renew its brand. RO's reality discloses that the state is still at an early stage of developing structural and strategic actions aimed at developing its brand. The conclusion reiterates the existence of territorial marks in the state plans of tourism in the three states of Brazil. © 2022, Universidade de Taubate. All rights reserved.
The importance of reasonable pricing strategy for electric vehicle batteries under the background of government subsidies has been recognized. However, variable government subsidy policy may highly impact the pricing strategy of electric vehicle batteries recycling market in its infancy. There is an urgent need to discover the hidden electric vehicle batteries relation, give the pricing strategy, and suggest the effective policy design. The paper studies the optimal pricing strategies for electric vehicle batteries in three different Chinese recycling channels in the government subsidies situation by using Stackelberg game. And then, the model is simulated in decentralized decision-making and centralized decision-making, respectively, to explain the relationship among parameters using MATLAB. Finally, a numerical experiment derived from the market data of electric vehicles in China and existing literature is used to show the effectiveness of Stackelberg model, proving that our approach can contribute to closed-loop supply chain pricing strategy for electric vehicle batteries recycling under government subsidies. Results show that the government should increase the subsidy of electric vehicle batteries recycling and urge the electric vehicle enterprises to take responsibility of batteries recycling. The total profit of the closed-loop supply chain with centralized decision-making is higher than the decentralized decision-making, so the upstream and downstream of the supply chain should strengthen communication to achieve profit growth. It significantly provides a theoretical basis for the enterprises in the electric vehicle batteries recycling closed-loop supply chain to formulate pricing strategies under three recycling models and provides suggestion for the government in the designing power battery recycling subsidy policy. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
The growth of emerging digital technologies has led to premature and inconsistent conclusions about the relationship between circular economy and value chain activities. A structured, systematic review approach was used to examine the titles and abstracts of 912 papers from the circular economy and digital transformation, strategic management, and operations management literature. We looked at a relevant selection of 79 articles to develop a research agenda. The literature review helped identify strategic initiatives impacting the firm value chain’s redesign involving logistics capabilities, marketing, sales, and service. Outcomes of this study make significant contributions to the field. First, firms must reorganize their business models that align with their value chain activities. Second, the literature review in this study adds to a growing understanding of the field of research by showing that engaging with Industry 4.0 and the circular economy is desirable and necessary for internalizing knowledge flows across different value chain actors. Third, this study is a first step in the right direction in developing and understanding the critical role of value chains and evolving business models in a global economy with calls for more sustainable development. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Knowledge is key to success in the modern business landscape. Firms invest billions of dollars every year in knowledge management systems, which commonly use artificial intelligence to allow within-firm knowledge transfer to occur automatically. Despite this investment, these systems often fall short of producing expected results. Using psychology theory on goal dilution, we argue that a potential cause of the failure is that the prospect of knowledge transfer has a negative effect on knowledge creation. We further propose a mechanism to mitigate that effect. Specifically, we predict that the negative effect of knowledge transfer on knowledge creation will be mitigated when the linkages among firm- and unit-level goals are communicated. We conduct an experiment and find that while, as predicted, the prospect of knowledge transfer has a negative effect on knowledge creation when the linkages among firm- and unit-level goals are not communicated, it has the predicted positive effect when the linkages among firm- and unit-level goals are communicated due to increased goal congruence. Additional analyses provide support for our underlying theories. Our results suggest that firms can adopt and communicate strategic performance measurement systems to improve the knowledge creation in a firm. © 2021 Canadian Academic Accounting Association.
This study examines the effectiveness of green healthcare activities in hospitals based on the total quality management (TQM) framework. The proposed research model and associated hypotheses were tested using structural equations modeling based on the data collected from 261 employees at general hospitals in South Korea. The results of the study revealed that the role of top management is essential for the successful implementation of green healthcare activities through motivating employees for their active participation in the program, providing continuous education and training on the importance of environmental sustainability, and diligent monitoring of the progress at the organization level. The study findings provide theoretical and practical implications on strategic approaches to planning and implementing green healthcare activities in hospitals for the greater good. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Generally, businesses are capable of implementing corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmentally sustainable behaviors as they pursue their profit-making activities. While there are a number of contributions that investigated the effect of CSR and responsible environmental practices on the companies' bottom lines, few studies were focused on the strategic attributions of responsible corporate behaviors in the tourism industry context, during an unprecedented pandemic situation. Hence this research investigates the stakeholders' perceptions on the hospitality businesses' social responsibility and environmentally friendly practices. The data were collected from a sample of 462 research participants who worked in tourism and hospitality. The findings suggest that their employers' stakeholders were triggering their businesses to engage in ethical behaviors, responsible human resources management and to invest in environmentally friendly initiatives. As a result, they were creating value to their companies, to society and to the natural environment. In sum, this contribution implies that there are strategic attributions of CSR behaviors and of environmentally sustainable practices as responsible businesses can improve their growth prospects and increase their competitiveness in the long run. © 2021 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Disposable plastic cup has been expensively used in our daily life due to its versatility, usability, and affordability. However, the mass increase in plastic cup waste (PCW) becomes detrimental environmental issues because the current plastic disposal process could be a vector for microplastics and hazardous compounds. In this study, an environmentally benign disposal and valorization process of PCW was suggested. In particular, pyrolysis of PCW was performed using a greenhouse (CO2) as a reaction medium. The thermal degradation of PCW produced hazardous benzene derivatives because PCW was made of polyethylene terephthalate. The harmful aromatic compounds (benzene derivatives) were detoxified by means of syngas production (H2 and CO) in the presence of a Co catalyst. Effects of CO2 and Co catalyst resulted in conversion of more than 95 % of toxic chemicals, benzene derivatives, into syngas at 700 ˚C. CO2 also effectively suppressed a deactivation of Co catalyst because gas phase reactions between CO2 and benzene derivatives mitigated (hydro)carbon formations that can be deposited on the catalyst surface. Thus, this study proposed that CO2-assisted catalytic pyrolysis is a promising approach to convert disposable plastic container and CO2 into value-added products with mitigation of harmful chemical production. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Early prediction of crop yield serves as a strategic plan for policymakers in making suitable import–export policies. In this research, remote sensing driven semi-empirical light use efficiency (LUE) model and a process-based crop simulation model (CSM) approach were attempted to predict cotton yield in the five districts of Maharashtra state, India. Time-series satellite data from different earth observation (EO) missions were retrieved from 2011 to 2017. Satellite-based measurements of fraction of absorbed photosynthetically active radiation (FAPAR) and photosynthetically active radiation (PAR) data were directly incorporated into the LUE model. The LUE model approach used observed minimum (0.07) and maximum (0.12) lint harvest index (HI) values to predict the cotton yield. On the other hand, the CSM model was parameterized with observed field management, soil, weather, and cultivar data for crop yield prediction. The inter-evaluation of models has revealed that the LUE model with HI value 0.07 (HI0.07) performed better when compared to the LUE model with HI value 0.12 (HI0.12) and CSM model. LUE model HI0.07 had shown better accuracy in terms of root mean square error (RMSE) of 154 kg ha−1 and correlation coefficient value of (R2 = 0.46) when compared with LUE model HI0.12 (RMSE 310 kg ha−1 and R2 = 0.41) and CSM model (RMSE 235 kg ha−1 and R2 = 0.38). The predicted yield from the models was found satisfactory for the normal year with acceptable accuracy. However, overestimation of yield was seen for the years affected by drought. This study has shown the potential of geospatial data that can be coupled with crop models to predict the crop yield with limited field observations. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
This research aims to measure the financial performance of companies in the water and sewerage sector by creating a sustainable econometric model for making long-term strategic decisions for managers and stakeholders. The research methodology consisted of the use and statistical processing of the data included in the summary financial statements of 40 regional operators in the field from 2014 to 2020. Multiple linear regression has been created with which stakeholders and water and sewerage specialists can shape changes in value-added variation, the average cost per employee, labor productivity, and energy expenditure on the net profit of water operators and sewerage. The results indicated that the independent variables used, such as value-added, labor productivity, or intangible assets have a direct influence on increasing the net profit of water and sewerage companies. Other independent variables such as the average cost per employee or the expenditure on electricity and water negatively influence the increase in the net profit of companies in the water and sewerage sector. The conclusions indicated that the average net profit is influenced by independent variables and the model created, and it can be successfully applied to other international companies in the field. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the potential for using the spaces integrating the roads and sidewalks in the street canyon as human-centered spaces, and to investigate more appropriate measures to improve the thermal environment for pedestrians and visitors in these spaces. Based on the spatial distribution of SET* throughout the day, as possible human-centered street space uses, north–south streets with restricted widths and south sidewalks on east–west streets are candidates. Spatiotemporal distributions of SET* were calculated when water was sprinkled on the road surface in the street canyon and when water surface, sunshade, and trees were introduced in the street canyon. Assuming people walk or stay on the water surface, the MRT decreases, causing SET* to be below 31.5◦ C at any time, so if a continuous supply of water is guaranteed and people can approach the water surface, the water surface can be expected to have a significant impact anywhere at any time. On the east–west street, shading by sunshades and trees occurs along the lanes at any time, allowing pedestrians moving through the lanes to pass through the shaded areas on a periodic cycle. On north–south street, the time required for the countermeasures is limited to around noon, so the measure is effective even if the shade does not occur in the target lanes only around noon. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Study region: Omo-Turkana Basin, trans-boundary basin between Ethiopia and Kenya (North eastern Africa). Study focus: Significant investments in large dams have been mobilized in the Omo-Turkana basin to expand hydropower and support extensive irrigation projects. Assessing the impacts of these infrastructures, particularly on local stakeholders, constitutes a crucial foundation for socially inclusive as well as environmentally and economically sustainable development. This study showcases the potential of a participatory decision-analytic framework in investigating the impacts of alternative development pathways on competing stakeholders’ interests in the Omo-Turkana basin to support strategic planning under both current and projected hydroclimatic and socio-economic conditions. The optimal operation of the planned system expansion, including the current and future dam cascade and the irrigation projects, is investigated to provide insights into multisectoral trade-offs. Five main sectors with competing interests are considered: hydropower production, environmental protection, indigenous recession agriculture, fish yield in Lake Turkana, and large-scale commercial irrigated agriculture. New hydrological insights for the region: Results show that the planned infrastructure can negatively impact local stakeholders, particularly in terms of fish yields in Lake Turkana. Still, a potential exists for negotiating operational compromises that are both efficient and socially inclusive. Moreover, even though the performance of the planned infrastructure is expected to decline in the future under changing climate and irrigation demands, this can be mitigated by timely implementing robust solutions triggered by the alterations of streamflows in the northern part of the basin. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: This paper aims to discuss the impact of institutional pressures on the selection of the performance indicators in 83 balanced scorecards (BSC) used in French real estate companies. The author studied the way in which two factors that are representative of institutional pressures in the real estate sector – namely, “ecology” and “digital innovation” – were incorporated into the BSC causal chains. Design/methodology/approach: The author’s methodology is that of action research. To analyze the balance of indicators between short and long term, the author classified the companies according to their strategic acuity, i.e. their ability to balance an organizational vision (near vision) and an environmental one (distance vision) when choosing their performance indicators. This resulted in a company classification with three categories: emmetropic, hypermetropic and slightly myopic. Findings: This research enabled to observe that the selected ecological indicators in BSCs derive mainly from coercive institutional pressure. Hence, in companies with fewer legal requirements in ecological matters, the selected ecological indicators are included in the BSC causal chain, in that they are used as a commercial argument with a view to improving financial performance. These results are similar to the reactionary and reputational perspectives of the sustainability business case. With regard to the incorporation of digital innovation indicators into BSCs, the author found that the companies that have the most digital innovation indicators are those that mobilize the most ecological indicators. Digital innovation indicators are part of the companies’ internal process perspective and are linked to organizational learning indicators. These results are similar to the responsible and collaborative perspectives of the sustainability business case. The author also found that the companies incorporate digital indicators into their BSCs by institutional mimicry insofar as the selected indicators are not always consistent with a strategic rationale but are chosen by copying what is done in other companies. Research limitations/implications: The author’s research has two main limitations related to the methodology used. On the one hand, the mobilization of part-time management students to have access to companies can influence the emergence of mimetic isomorphisms. Indeed, these students follow the same training and advise the companies that welcome them according to the training they have followed. On the other hand, the author’s research stops at the development of the BSC. The author does not study the impacts or changes that occurred after the implementation of the tool. This could be the subject of future research on the appropriation and use of the BSC by the company’s actors and their impact on the optimization of global performance measurement system. Practical implications: This study may be of interest to researchers and managers who wish to reconcile sustainable development and digital innovation in global performance management. It analyzes the impact of institutional pressures on the performance measurement system. It offers insights on how to integrate ecological indicators and digital innovation indicators into the BSC causal chains. It identifies the tensions that managers may face. It reports on practices adopted in the field by managers in action. Social implications: This paper reveals the feasibility of measuring global performance integrating ecology and digital innovation. It responds to a preoccupation of recent years in academic research on how to reconcile corporate social responsibility and technological innovation. It shows that the companies that have the most digital innovation indicators are those that mobilize the most ecological indicators. However, it highlights the difficulties encountered by managers in the field when faced with institutional pressures. Originality/value: The author’s reflection is in line with the literature of recent years that reconciles sustainable development and innovation. The author studied how “ecology” and “digital innovation” are incorporated into the BSC causal chains. To the best of the author’s knowledge, this is the first time this type of study has been conducted in the literature. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Strategic alliances are the most common type of collaboration agreement used by shipping lines to provide worldwide maritime container transport services. Since their first appearance just before the mid-1990s, they have progressed to account for 90% of global container shipping capacity with the top eight container operators organizing today their East/West route services through one of the main three strategic alliances. This paper reviews comprehensively and critically the literature on the subject, over 25 years of research on this topic. This includes 85 articles published in peer-reviewed journals between 1994 and 2019, and analyzed and grouped into three main research areas: formation, management, and optimization of strategic alliances. The output of the analysis is then used to provide a future research agenda. © 2022, The Author(s).
Tropical cyclones (TCs) are amongst the costliest natural hazards for southwest Pacific (SWP) Island nations. Extreme winds coupled with heavy rainfall and related coastal hazards, such as large waves and high seas, can have devastating consequences for life and property. Effects of anthropogenic climate change are likely to make TCs even more destructive in the SWP (as that observed particularly over Fiji) and elsewhere around the globe, yet TCs may occur less often. However, the underpinning science of quantifying future TC projections amid multiple uncertainties can be complex. The challenge for scientists is how to turn such technical knowledge framed around uncertainties into tangible products to inform decision-making in the disaster risk management (DRM) and disaster risk reduction (DRR) sector. Drawing on experiences from past TC events as analogies to what may happen in a warming climate can be useful. The role of science-based climate services tailored to the needs of the DRM and DRR sector is critical in this context. In the first part of this paper, we examine cases of historically severe TCs in the SWP and quantify their socio-economic impacts. The second part of this paper discusses a decision-support framework developed in collaboration with a number of agencies in the SWP, featuring science-based climate services that inform different stages of planning in national-level risk management strategies. © 2022, The Author(s).
Purpose: This empirical study aims to identify the essential strategic leadership and management factors underlying sustainability in healthcare. It also examines which factors drive sustainability performance outcomes (SPO) in health-care organizations, an analysis lacking to date. It provides a strategic leadership and management perspective toward sustainable healthcare, responding to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Design/methodology/approach: The investigation adopted Sustainable Leadership as its research framework. Using a cross-sectional survey, 543 employees working in health-care and pharmaceutical companies in Thailand voluntarily provided responses. Factor analyses and structural equation modeling were employed. Findings: The results revealed an emergent research model and identified 20 unidimensional strategic leadership and management factors toward sustainability in healthcare. The findings indicate significant positive effects on SPO in health-care organizations. Significant factors include human resource management/development, ethics, quality, environment and social responsibility, and stakeholder considerations. Research limitations/implications: The study was conducted in one country. Future studies should examine these relationships in diverse contexts. In practice, health-care firms should foster significant strategic leadership and management practices to improve performance outcomes for sustainability in healthcare. Originality/value: This paper is the first empirical, multidisciplinary study with a focus on strategic leadership, health-care management and organizational sustainability. It identifies a proxy for measuring the effects of essential strategic leadership and managerial factors for sustainability in pharmaceutical health-care companies. It advances our currently limited knowledge and provides managerial implications for improving performance outcomes toward sustainable healthcare. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Today, the world has entered the era of the circular economy, and environmental regulations have become more stringent. This article considers a monopolistic recycling platform (RP), which offers three recycling strategies (trade-in for cash, trade-in for refurbishment, and trade-in for new) to generate more profits based on the heterogeneity of consumers in terms of perceived quality. There are three modes of RPs with diversified recycling strategies: (1) only trade-in for cash (e.g., Lehuiso); (2) trade-in for cash and for refurbishment (e.g., Gazelle); and (3) trade-in for cash, for refurbishment, and for new coexisting (e.g., Suhuishou). We develop a game model and derive optimal decisions of the RP under the three trade-in modes respectively. Comparing the different trade-in modes, we find that for the RP, the decision of which mode to offer among trade-in for cash, for refurbishment, and for new service, depends on the quality depreciation coefficients of used and refurbished products and the value of new products. We also conduct extensive numerical analysis and show the optimal service strategies for the three trade-in modes. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Land titling has been a policy priority for developing country cities for decades. In Sub-Saharan Africa and across the world, tenure formalization has been promoted as a tool to improve the quality and value of urban housing. The track record of these projects, however, has generally been disappointing. Why is this? In this paper, we argue that project design has paid too little attention to contextual features of land markets in estimating the benefits of formalization to individual households. We draw on evidence from a case study city – Dar es Salaam, Tanzania – to show that in cities where broader property rights institutions are incomplete and informal sources of tenure security are strong, formal property rights may not be valued by households. This raises questions about the households’ willingness to pay for regularisation and suggests that complementary strategies to build trust in government and consolidate public benefits of titling will be needed to ensure that projects have a beneficial impact. © 2022 Alexandra Panman
Purpose: As the prolonged effect of the COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted investment returns significantly, it is more crucial than ever for institutional investors to redefine their property portfolios using assets with better investment management potential and meaningful diversification benefits. The “alternative asset revolution” is gaining traction in the property investment space internationally among institutional investors due to the shifting investment attitudes towards the alternative property sectors. Australia's $205bn healthcare property sector is at the forefront of this revolution due to its societal significance, as well as its attractive investment qualities. This paper investigates the institutional investor management of the Australian healthcare property sector via both the direct and listed channels and empirically analyses its investment attributes. Design/methodology/approach: Using the unique Morgan Stanley Capital International/Property Council of Australia quarterly data set for Australian direct healthcare property over 2006–2020, the risk-adjusted performance and portfolio diversification potential direct healthcare property and listed healthcare were assessed. A constrained mean-variance portfolio optimisation framework was used to develop a six-asset portfolio scenario to analyse the portfolio added-value benefits of both direct healthcare property and listed healthcare in a mixed-asset investment strategy. A similar set of analysis was performed using the post-global financial crisis (GFC) quarterly time series of 2009–2020 to investigate the healthcare asset class' performance dynamics in the post-GFC investment timeframe. Findings: The results indicate that direct healthcare property and listed healthcare offer two key advantages for institutional investors in managing their property portfolios: (1) a stable yet superior risk-adjusted performance and (2) significant portfolio diversification potential in managing their property portfolios. Importantly, both direct healthcare property and listed healthcare provided valuable contributions in strengthening an investment portfolio's performance. The post-GFC sub-period analysis revealed a consistent conclusion regarding the healthcare asset class's performance attributes. Originality/value: This is the first research that provides an independent empirical examination of the strategic importance of Australian healthcare property as a maturing alternative property sector that can serve both investment and environmental, social and governance goals of investors. This research presents a positive investment prognosis for the Australian healthcare property sector to achieve its institutionalised status as a mainstream asset class of the future. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Information resources have been shared to promote the business operations of firms. However, the connection of business information sharing interfaces between firms has increased the attack surface and created opportunities for the hacker. We examine the benefits and risks of business information sharing for firms who exert security efforts against a strategic hacker that launches attacks subjectively. We show that two kinds of security efforts, security investment and security knowledge sharing, act as strategic substitutes when the business-sharing degree is low and act as strategic complements otherwise. Besides, the strategic hacker is not always aggressive, who will give up launching attack activities when the business-sharing degree is relatively low. Moreover, as a specific characteristic in the security domain, the risk interdependency first enhances and then suppresses both firms’ security investments and the hacker’s attack effort, which causes a free-riding problem for two firms. Then, two coordination mechanisms, an investment-based mechanism and liability-based mechanism, are proposed to help firms coordinate their strategies to reach socially optimal security levels. Last, we extend the main model to three cases to make our model more general. This paper provides the first evidence to assess the security risks exacerbated by business information sharing while considering a strategic hacker. Some management insights to managers for making security decisions are provided. © 2022 INFORMS
Purpose: The innovation pyramid presented in this paper ranks innovation types in terms of their capacity to provide organizations with a long-term commercialization advantage. Design/methodology/approach: It is based on ten years of studying different types of innovation and helping hundreds of groups of MBA and Master students apply these insights to hundreds of organizations in different industries. Findings: The innovation pyramid provides organizational leaders with a powerful heuristic to organize their strategic innovation priorities, in terms of aligning and committing organizational innovation efforts. Practical implications: To help organizational leaders, this paper illustrates each innovation type with clarifying examples of a variety of well-known firms. Originality/value: The pyramid provides an antidote to the technological determinism and confusing use of innovation jargon, both of which over-promise disruptive and radical performance effects. Instead, it offers clarity and succinctness of purpose both in terms of aligning and committing to innovation efforts and priorities. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This study aims to assess the mediating effect of sustainable competitive advantage (SCA) on the relationship between organisational innovativeness (OI) and performance of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) operating in Konya, Turkey. Design/methodology/approach: A survey method is used to collect the necessary data for this research. A total of 264 respondents from 83 SMEs partook in the study. In choosing the sample size, both purposive sampling and simple random techniques are used. The data gathered are analysed using SPSS program and Hayes PROCESS macro v.3.4.1. Findings: The results of the analyses reveal that OI has a statistically significant positive effect on SCA and firm performance (FP). Moreover, SCA is found to have a mediating effect on the relationship between OI and FP. Practical implications: Policymakers and management of SMEs need to show great commitment to innovativeness and relate it to SCA to create superior customer value, thereby leading to a holistic and long-term FP. Originality/value: This study brings to the fore empirical evidence on how SCA serves as a mediator between OI and FP. It also contributes to the literature by focusing on three distinct but related variables. The study makes theoretical contribution by highlighting the role of the resource-based theory in enhancing business performance and SCA through strategic internal resources and innovative activities. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In this study, a two-phase factorial input-output model (TFIOM) is developed for carbon dioxide (CO2) emission mitigation, through integrating input-output model (IOM) and two-phase factorial analysis (TFA) into a general framework. TFIOM can identify the main sectors of CO2 emission, quantify the individual and interactive effects of the main factors (i.e. various CO2 management strategies implemented on different sectors) on reduction target, as well as seek CO2-emission reduction pathways and strategies from multiple perspectives (i.e. energy structure adjustment strategy (ESAS), technology upgrade strategy (TUS), and industrial structure adjustment strategy (ISAS)). The developed TFIOM is applied to Fujian province (in China), and results reveal that industries of chemical, non-metallic, metal smelting (MSI), and electric heating (EGW) are the main CO2-emission sectors (i.e. occupying 57.6% of direct emission and 56.4% of indirect emission). The joint application of ESAS (applied to EGW) and TUS (applied to MSI) has the best effect in reducing carbon emission intensity (decreasing by 24.5%). Among all scenarios, Scenario 115 shows the most desirable emission-reduction effect (i.e. carbon emission intensity, energy intensity, total direct emission, and total indirect emission would respectively decrease by 22.3%, 7.6%, 21.3% and 5.1%, and the cost of reducing CO2 per ton would be 182 RMB¥). © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Background: The European Parliament's directive on open data indicates the direction to follow for all public institutions in Europe. The portal Polish Platform of Medical Research (PPM) required more information about researcher attitudes and training requirements for strategic planning. Objectives: The aim was to assess (1) the status of knowledge about research data management among medical researchers in Poland, and (2) their attitudes towards data sharing. This knowledge may help to inform a training program and adapt PPM to the requirements of researchers. Methods: The authors circulated an online survey and received responses from 603 researchers representing medical sciences and related disciplines. The survey was conducted in 2019 at seven Polish medical universities and at the Nofer Institute of Occupational Medicine. Analysis used descriptive statistics. Results: Data sharing was not widespread (55.7% only shared with their research team, 9.8% had shared data on an open access basis). Many cited possible benefits of research data sharing but were concerned about drawbacks (e.g. fraud, plagiarism). Discussion: Polish medical scientists, like many researchers, are not aware of the processes required for safe data preparation for sharing. Academic libraries should develop roles for data librarians to help train researchers. Conclusion: Fears about the dangers of data sharing need to be overcome before researchers are willing to share their own research data. © 2021 Health Libraries Group.
Encountered with scarce land resources in contemporary time, mankind has been seeking for solutions to improve land resource carrying capacity to sustain urban development. The development pattern of urban agglomeration has been well received globally in recent years as an alternative strategy to improve land resource carrying capacity. Many countries have been committing to urban agglomeration development plans with the expectations of gaining “1 + 1 > 2Effect” from utilizing land resources between cities. However, few existing studies have conducted in examining whether and to what extent “1 + 1 > 2Effect” on land resource carrying capacity can be gained through implementing urban agglomeration strategy. This paper presents an investigation on whether urban agglomeration can bring “1 + 1 > 2Effect” to cities from the specific perspective of land resource carrying capacity. An analysis model is developed for assisting the investigation by using Difference-in-Differences method. The Pearl River Delta region in China is selected as a case urban agglomeration to assist empirical research. The results from this study suggest that urban agglomeration development plan can bring limited “1 + 1 > 2Effect” from the perspective of land resource carrying capacity and contributes to the improvement of economic performance between cities within the urban agglomeration. The findings nevertheless also indicate that land resource carrying capacity cannot be improved exclusively by implementing urban agglomeration development plan. Critical issues are addressed for more attention during implementing urban agglomeration strategies. The paper provides valuable references for policymakers to understand the effects of urban agglomeration on land use and sheds light on the importance of researching on the impacts of urban agglomeration. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This study aims to share the knowledge and practices behind the false corporate strategy implemented by the state-owned airline Garuda Indonesia due to multiple malpractices. Excessive investment should expand the scale and scope of the business but, otherwise, the strategy has accelerated management's chaos and disruption. The methodologies used in this study were mixed, combining case studies with descriptive and content analysis. The data taken was from 2009 to 2021, during this period, the state air flag carrier Indonesia has made excessive investments to procure 50 new aircraft from Boeing and an additional 10 units of Airbus by funding from the debts. This study found that Garuda went bankrupt because of excessive investment amplified by several mistakes in corporate strategy malpractices. The strategy to procure hundreds of aircraft is fine and precise, but some key persons took personal benefits from the transactions. In 2009, Garuda started extraordinary contracts, and by 2021 it was going into severe trouble. This study provides guidance and lesson learned for corporations that would have been considering doing business expansion due to wishing to increase the scale and scope of the corporation. This study enriches the literature on corporate strategies for future research. © 2022 World Conference on Transport Research Society
This study discusses how to create strategic value through energy big data and how to promote stakeholder interaction mechanisms in the evolution of the energy big data ecosystem. We use differential game methods to study the interaction between one power grid enterprise (PG) and one technology supplier (TS) under three different cost-sharing contracts: without cost-sharing con-tract, cost-sharing contract, and two-way subsidy contract. The effectiveness of the dynamic equi-librium strategies under different contracts is verified via numerical simulations. The results show that under the centralized decision scenario, the technological innovation investment, the degree of technological advancement of PG and TS, and the total profit of the supply chain system are supe-rior to the decentralized decision scenario. The extent of TS technology innovation investment de-pends on the share rate of PG. Technology innovation investment and the profits of energy big data service supply chain stakeholders will increase with the sensitivity coefficient of technological ad-vancement. Compared with contracts without cost-sharing and with cost-sharing, the two-way subsidy contract can provide the Pareto optimal solution for the investment trajectory of technological innovation and long-term profits. Theoretically, this study reveals a new perspective in the research on the relationship between power grid enterprises and technology suppliers under dynamic technology innovation. In practice, this study facilitates power grid enterprises and technology suppliers to form a closer cooperative relationship in the energy big data ecosystem. More importantly, it is helpful for power grid enterprises to make optimal transaction decisions at different stages of energy big data ecosystem evolution. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Information sharing systems are a critical component of emergency response—especially in campus attack situations that unfold very rapidly. The design of effective information sharing systems is often difficult, however, due to a lack of data on these assault events. This work takes an agent-based approach to simulate three campus emergency information sharing system design alternatives in the context of a college campus knife attack, and incorporates data from on-campus student surveys and parameter tuning experiments. Alternatives are evaluated according to: (1) improved student attack response outcomes; and (2) effective institutional response to the attack. The results confirm that increased awareness supports rapid emergency reporting, but an important gap exists between students’ awareness and their ability to respond effectively, which depends on a number of campus-specific factors. A strong positive impact is seen from safe and efficient information sharing with authorities. This impact depends largely on reporting system implementation qualities, as opposed to campus-specific factors. On a campus in China, WeChat was used as a basis for messaging models. The simulation results show a 9% drop in casualties and a 22% faster police response time from a text-based reporting system using “base” WeChat features instead of traditional phone reporting. Our results also project a 30% drop in casualties and 52% faster police response time using a system designed around a WeChat Mini Program or stand-alone campus emergency reporting app. These outcomes suggest a number of recommendations for improving outdated campus emergency information-sharing systems and response strategies. © 2022, The Author(s).
The increased use of student internships and other forms of work placements in higher education programmes brings recognised benefits to students but also changes the risks for higher education institutions (HEIs) globally. This paper responds to the under-addressed problem for HEI managers of understanding the varying levels of risk of harm to students and HEIs, and the HEIs’ strategic responsibilities to understand how to mitigate the risk for both parties. We develop a typology of the main types of internship placements and theorise their associated levels of risk according to the HEI’s levels of responsibility and operational control. The risk types are then plotted in a model of risk mitigation, mapped against the frequency of their occurrence and the severity of their impact, with a focus on HEIs and students. We conclude with practical and policy implications for HEIs and their managers. Our paper argues that HEIs must balance their risks and responsibilities with the costs and benefits of student internships and work placements, and contributes to understanding potential gaps between HEI strategic decision-making and operational practice at the programme level, along with solutions to address these. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Pro-environmental behavior allows top companies of the world to improve their environmental responsibility, to minimize their impact on nature and to guide smaller businesses. The content of 82 codes of conduct of the 100 largest companies from the Forbes GLOBAL 2000 ranking is analyzed. Prescriptions for pro-environmental behavior are found in 78% of the codes. These prescriptions are extensive in the only 14 codes. The analyzed codes deal in average with four pro-environmental behavior types. The most common are the prescriptions of environmental responsibility and general nature respect. Some companies state climate-friendly behavior. It is established that company location is somewhat important determinant of the prescribed pro-environmental behavior: The West European companies prescribe pro-environmental behavior better than those East Asian. The findings of the present study indicate on a promising state of the eco-ethics stated by the top companies, although they also indicate on the urgency of certain amendments of the codes of conduct. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
In the development of traditional supply-chain finance, the information asymmetry of all parties in the supply chain has become the primary problem hindering its development. Blockchain technology is an effective method to solve the problem of information silos. Based on differential game theory, this paper constructs a game model of supply-chain financial information-sharing behavior based on blockchain technology. Three scenarios of independent decision, the cost-subsidy mechanism of financial institutions, and dealers and collaborative decisions are studied, and the theoretical model is verified through a simulation algorithm. The results show that information sharing in supply-chain finance based on blockchain technology is much higher than that of traditional supply-chain finance, and the use of blockchain technology can promote more sustainable development of supply chains. Blockchain technology can effectively solve the information-silo effect, and the information sharing cost-subsidy mechanism can effectively relieve the cost pressure of information sharing and optimize the supply-chain structure. In addition, the amount of information and benefits shared among the three parties of supply-chain finance based on blockchain technology and the overall benefits show an increasing and stabilized trend over time. This study provides a reference for supply-chain finance members to reasonably choose the optimal strategic behavior. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA) are drivers in today's business world. To perform amid this accelerated change and the digitalization progress, organizations are implementing agility. However, such an implementation does not happen without stumbling blocks and some fail. One reason for this is actors’ agile mindset (AM), which is necessary to deal succefully within a VUCA environment. Knowledge of the AM is in its infancy and conceptualization and measuring tools for it are lacking. Furthermore, the relation of the AM in terms of strategic agility and performance is still unclear. Our study aims to close these gaps. We examine AM through 15 interviews and a survey (N = 449) to predict strategic agility and performance. As a result, we conceptualize AM as an attitude that comprises four dimensions: attitude towards 1) learning spirit, 2) collaborative exchange, 3) empowered self-guidance, and 4) customer co-creation. Furthermore, we describe how actors with an AM deal with new technologies. We found that AM affects organizational performance mediated by strategic agility. These findings contribute to the agility and management research by providing a conceptualization and measuring instrument for AM. Furthermore, its relevance for strategic agility is explained and its relationship with organizational performance outlined. © 2022 The Author(s)
The business that is not focused solely on short-term profits and takes sustainability principles into account can be called a sustainable business. In contrast, the sustainable competitive advantage is the basis of business performance. This article discusses the benefits of selected strategic trends for sustainable competitiveness. The sustainability approach has rarely been considered in the competitiveness studies examined. An appropriate framework for its sustainable competitiveness requires taking into account the economic, socio-cultural, and environmental dimensions on the one hand and the consideration of all stakeholders on the other one. While global corporations have been integrating sustainable business into their strategies, this important step to make still awaits Czech organizations. The main goal of the study was to identify strategic trends implemented by the selected Czech organizations aiming at ensuring competitive advantage and evaluating the orientation of organizations depending on the selected variables. The factor analysis was used (principal component method, varimax method), and the dependencies of the organizations´ orientation and the identifying variables from the questionnaire survey (n1 = 183) and focus groups (n2 = 8) were tested. The results from the questionnaire survey and focus groups have revealed six factors, namely, the integrated management system, employee development, CSR reporting, the organizational structure for innovation development, succession planning, and knowledge continuity. © Journal of Competitiveness.All right reserved.
Abstract—: The article proposes an up-to-date version of the concept of strategic planning, taking into account the dynamics and state of economic theory, economic policy, economic management, as well as the features of the functioning of the national economy of Russia. A set of decision-making principles is being formed at all levels of management. The possibilities of applying the experience of developing and implementing the System for the Optimal Functioning of the Economy (SOFE), created in the 1980s at the Central Economics and Mathematics Institute of the USSR Academy of Sciences, are explored. The concepts of “optimization,” “strategy,” and “strategic planning” are being revised. An attempt is being made to synthesize three main approaches to building a theoretical basis for improving economic management—strategic, optimization, and ecosystem—aimed at achieving the goals of coevolutionary development of economic theory, management methodology and economic practice. The importance of developing the ecosystem structure of the economy is confirmed by an estimated calculation of the impact of this process on Russia’s GDP growth. © 2022, Pleiades Publishing, Ltd.
The purpose of this study is to investigate and discuss the challenges namely, the barriers and solutions to developing return supply chain policies in automotive industry. This industry has been suffering governmental pressure to achieve sustainability in all industrial processes. The solution is to reorganize the supply chain and rethink the product from the beginning (closed-loop supply chain evolving to cradle-to-cradle supply chain); however, the literature about this process is scarce. This paper presents exploratory research into the automotive supply chain in order to study the processes developed to achieve more sustainable supply chains. A strategic business net is used as theoretical sample to collect data. The results show that climate change concerns and governmental guidelines lead to sustainable organizational culture. It was found that sustainability is integrated in all processes, which affects business interaction with partners. The business interaction is difficulted by total product recycling. To overcome this barrier, innovation strategies, strategic alli-ances and governmental politics are presented as enhancers to return supply chain policies devel-opment. Organizational and cultural elements were presented as difficulties, but could be easily mitigated with the enhancers, alongside commitment and proactivity of companies. The research shows that when the challenges are overcome, the companies can integrate cradle-to-cradle design frameworks into their supply chains. This reorganization is necessary to achieve sustainability and accomplish governmental guidelines. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Digitalization is prompting small and medium-sized enterprises to structural and strategic transformations, also providing new opportunities to expand and succeed in foreign markets. However, relatively few studies have investigated emergent digital technologies in international business management. Contextually, there is still a dearth of research on the multi-faceted impacts of digitalization on omnichannel strategy characterizing most of the global business environment today. This paper, therefore, aims to examine the impact of digitalization on omnichannel choices adopted by internationalized SMEs. A qualitative approach, based on a single case study methodology, is adopted. An Italian agri-food SME is chosen as this industry is considered a key and distinctive pillar of Made in Italy in the international markets. Findings reveal the potential of digital technologies’ applications in an omnichannel environment, blurring the boundaries between channels, through a synergetic integration of them. This evidence contributes to the existing literature on technology management and omnichannel strategies in the international context by rereading these phenomena through a smart ecosystem lens. In addition, this study provides practical insights on how multiple channels adopted by Made in Italy SMEs can be integrated, managed, and operated synergistically on international markets to sustain a digitalized value creation. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Organizational ambidexterity is a strategic challenge for the contemporary organizations. It involves the simultaneous or synchronous pursuit of two inherently incompatible and conflicting activities – exploitative learning to become efficient in the current business activities, and explorative learning to predict and work on future challenges, opportunities, and demands. Depending upon the form(s) of ambidexterity an organization adopts, these two conflicting activities can be pursued asynchronously across different time phases, or synchronously in separate units, and/or in the same units by the employees. This study postulated and found that the Bontis (1998) model of interplay between knowledge assets can enable the successful pursuit of all the forms of ambidexterity, either synchronous pursuit of exploration and exploitation by the employees across same or different units or asynchronous pursuit across different time phases. The study used a multisource sample of 424 respondents from the various firms in the South Korean industries. The findings demonstrated that the organisational and the social capital are central to pursuing exploration, exploitation, and ambidexterity directly while human capital played a significant role in supporting the other two types of knowledge assets. In addition, social capital played a dual role to be both supportive of organisational capital and being central in the pursuit of ambidexterity outcomes. © 2022
Short-lived, fast-growing species that contribute greatly to global capture fisheries are sensitive to fluctuations in the environment. Uncertainties in exact stock–environment relationships have meant that environmental variability and extremes have been difficult to integrate directly into fisheries management. We applied a management strategy evaluation approach for one of Australia's large prawn stocks to test the robustness of harvest control rules to environmental variability. The model ensemble included coupled environmental-population models and an alternative catchability scenario fitted to historical catch per unit effort data. We compared the efficacy of alternative management actions to conserve marine resources under a variable environment while accounting for fisher livelihoods. Model fits to catch per unit effort were reasonably good and similar across operating models (OMs). For models that were coupled to the environment, environmental parameters for El Niño years were estimated with good associated precision, and OM3 had a lower AIC score (77.61) than the base model (OM1, 80.39), whereas OM2 (AIC 82.41) had a similar AIC score, suggesting the OMs were all plausible model alternatives. Our model testing resulted in a plausible subset of management options, and stakeholders selected a permanent closure of the first fishing season based on overall performance of this option; ability to reduce the risk of fishery closure and stock collapse; robustness to uncertainties; and ease of implementation. Our simulation approach enabled the selection of an optimal yet pragmatic solution for addressing economic and conservation objectives under a variable environment with extreme events. © 2021 Society for Conservation Biology.
• Invasive annual grasses pose a widespread threat to western rangelands, and a strategic and proactive approach is needed to tackle this problem. • Oregon partners used new spatial data to develop a geographic strategy for management of invasive annual grasses at landscape scales across jurisdictional boundaries. The geographic strategy considers annual and perennial herbaceous cover along with site resilience and resistance in categorizing areas into intact core, transitioning, and degraded areas. • The geographic strategy provides 1) a conceptual framework for proactive management, building upon similar work recently begun across the Great Basin, and 2) multi-scale spatial products for both policymakers and local managers to identify strategic areas for investment of limited resources. • These spatial products can be used by Oregon partners to generate a shared vision of success, facilitate proactive management to “defend and grow the core,” and collaboratively develop meaningful and realistic goals and strategies for management of annual grasses at landscape scales. © 2022 The Authors
Considering the unprecedented event of COVID-19 as both global public health and economic crisis, its impacts on society including businesses are almost unimaginable. In particular, since the tourism and hospitality industries are among the hardest hit, tourism and hospitality researchers should examine how to understand its implications for these industries. This article takes a view from the corporate social responsibility (CSR) standpoint in relation to the current pandemic and attempts to provide some research implications, especially from the financial economics and strategic management perspectives. Potential research topics discussed in the article include emerging CSR initiatives throughout the pandemic, a comparison between pre- and post-pandemic financial implications of CSR, a moderating role of CSR strategy, various performance measures including risk measures, and culture and industry as boundary conditions. © The Author(s) 2020.
Seaports play an important role in the global shipping network. Shipping participants often attach great importance to the measurement of container port connectivity, as it reflects countries' access to world markets. As a result, various port connectivity index systems have been proposed by members of the shipping industry and scholars. In recent years, technological developments especially the advancement of high coverage and real-time Automatic Identification System (AIS) data, have provided a chance to improve the scope and frequency of the existing index systems. An improved system is expected to reflect the dynamic changes in a port's connectivity which may be induced by either local disruptions or shocks in the wider economy. This study builds a monthly container port connectivity index system by applying big data mining techniques, graph theory, and principal component analysis (PCA) to AIS data, taking both port factors and shipping network factors into consideration. AIS records from 2020 are used to calculate the connectivity score of 25 major container ports. We also compare our system with the connectivity index commonly used in the shipping industry, the Liner Shipping Connectivity Index (LSCI). Our results show that the measurement of connectivity can be improved over indices that depend primarily on indicators of traffic volume. Ports like Antwerp and Tanjung Pelepas rank high in the proposed system due to their sound performance on their accessibility and strategic position in the local region instead of their traffic volume. The monthly index system is also proven to reflect timely changes in the shipping industry through its accurate portrayal of changes in port connectivity during the COVID-19 outbreak. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The aim of this study is to develop a new performance evaluation tool that is stringently applied to the hotel chains, considering the associated ethical marketing dimensions to measure its proper strategic, tactical, and operational role and impact within hospitality marketing management plans, campaigns, and strategies implemented. A Delphi technique was conducted as the selected research qualitative method, comprising three rounds. A total of 23 panel participants, such as directors and managers of marketing, e-commerce, sales, and branding, completed all three rounds. Two major areas of ethical marketing, internal and external, both divided into five dimensions, each with underlying items, were found to comprise the ethical marketing model for luxury hotel chains: (1) internal area of marketing (with five dimensions: integration, training, equal opportunities, performance evaluation, and smart policies) and (2) external area of marketing (with five dimensions: stakeholders, booking platforms and CRM, marketing plan, digital marketing campaigns, and social media platforms). The study concludes with useful insights and remarks. The generalisability of the results may be limited owning to the partial or not full applicability across all luxury hotel chains. The model still needs to be empirically applied in luxury hotel chains to enrich its robustness, covering a wider spread of four-and five-star luxury hotels. There is a growing potential for researchers, hotel decision makers, and marketing and sales managers and directors to achieve many advantages and benefits from the proposed model, supporting the efforts for ethical marketing theory and practice, such as hotel brand positioning strategies and formulation of more targeted and finely tuned ethical marketing strategies, tactics, and plans. This is the first study to develop and validate a performance evaluation tool of ethical marketing for luxury hotel chains. This pioneering approach extends the scope into ethical marketing because this model has never been used in this area. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: The conventional e-complaint method provides a platform that contains multiple data sources of an infrastructure project, including building facilities, associated asset documentation of the asset. However, the conventional e-complaint method practised by the Development and Facilities Management Unit (UPPF) faces issues due to management deficiencies and negligent staff to handle operations and maintenance processes within facilities management at Malaysian Polytechnic. This paper aims to identify the different maintenance management system (MMS) approaches using information and communication technology that is equipped with decision-making processes. Design/methodology/approach: This research presents eight cases of the use of e-complaint in major facilities management platforms in Malaysian Polytechnic, identifying the major problems using the conventional e-complaint method, the current technologies realised, as well as the procedures for learning and improving e-complaint to the Polytechnic institution. The major conclusion drawn from the interview results was that there is a lack of comprehensive MMSs that integrate operations and maintenance processes within facilities management and software programming to provide guidelines for decision-making processes. Findings: The findings demonstrate that the conventional e-complaint method cannot be used effectively to support the defect diagnosis process during maintenance assessment and development. The case studies further demonstrated that the conventional e-complaint method will be particularly led to inadequate strategic decision-making to analyse information to improve the maintenance project outcomes for Malaysian Polytechnic’s buildings, thereby, ignoring the accuracy and reliability of information for operations and maintenance. New MMS tools are suggested from the findings and lessons learned as a good practice to reduce defect repetition on the design specifications used and construction methods practised. Originality/value: Due to the increasingly complex nature of projects in terms of size and information technology, realising these current technologies would require a learning process for all stakeholders involved in financial and managing assets. This research proposes stepped change and learning opportunity for maintenance value maximisation and delivery, management and operation efficiency using MMS. The new MMS can potentially transform operational and maintenance processes within facilities management into one of the most sophisticated technologies by accommodating data recordings, such as complaints and specific items needed for maintenance through the internet and intranet to facilitate improved execution of Polytechnic’s building activities. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In crises, relationships between organizations and publics are under pressure. Building or managing relationships in crises has attracted heated discussions among scholars in the field of public relations and business communication over the past few decades. To provide an updated systematic analysis of this area, this study presents a review of 131 published journal articles from 1997 to 2019. Findings identified theoretical and methodological trends in current relationship management research in crises. In addition, five themes of relationships in crises were demonstrated. These included the antecedents, outcomes, mediating/moderating role, networks and the process of relationships. Results also indicated that crisis communication strategies, crisis types and prior crisis history were key precursors of (re-)building relationships in the literature. Theoretical and practical implications were discussed. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Message framing contributes to an increase in public support for invasive species management. However, little is known about people's preferences for the multiple objectives of management within different contexts relating to the challenges and benefits of invasive species management. We examine Japanese citizens' preferences for the goals of free-roaming unowned cat (Felis catus) management in three contextual frames by applying experimentally controlled information and the best-worst scaling technique. Our results indicate that the ecological frame highlighting the ecological impacts of free-roaming unowned cats on native ecosystems significantly increases Japanese citizens' concern about cat predation, although the frame did not change the preference ranking of goals. There are differences in the effects of message framing depending on cat ownership. The best-worst scaling technique shows that Japanese citizens prefer to maintain a sanitary environment, followed by the prevention of zoonotic diseases. Although the ranking of sanitary environmental management does not depend on cat ownership, the ranking of the other goals differs depending on cat ownership. The findings highlight the importance of strategic message framing and its prioritization in encouraging public support for invasive species management.  ©
Sustainable human resource management (HRM), perceived as challenging the dominant models of strategic HRM, concerns the adoption of HRM strategies and practices to achieve simultaneously financial, social, environmental, and HR regeneration goals, to satisfy diverse stakeholders' competing demands and, increasingly, national legislative requirements of sustainability performance reporting. Tensions are placed at the centre of sustainable HRM's analysis, as stakeholders demands are contrasting, when seen individually, but yet interrelated, as part of an integrated whole. The paradox perspective of sustainable HRM is useful in identifying several HRM paradoxes and proposing different coping strategies. However, the role of organizational actors, their cognition and strategy-making action, has been completely ignored in a highly conceptual paradoxical analysis of sustainable HRM. Drawing on the cognitive theory (and cognitive framing) and the practice theory (and strategy-as-practice), this paper contributes by bringing organizational actors back into the analysis, proposing three interrelated processes, namely, activating individual cognitive frames, creating collective dominant frames, and strategizing through enacting strategy-making activities, to address the theoretical gaps and extend the paradox perspective of sustainable HRM. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Background When I became senior partner at my general practice I undertook a part time MBA at Manchester Business School in the late 90s to learn the things medical school hadn't taught me; organizational design and behaviour, finance, strategic management and human resources (as it was then called). My dissertation was on quality methods in other industries that could be applied in healthcare. Journey We tried out total quality management methods in my practice and began to demonstrably improve care, services and the use of resources. I titled this in presentations in the early noughties the Quality Trinity, which morphed into the now widely adopted triple aim. The practice won awards and I became a sessional advisor to the Dept of Health. I was invited to Boston by Don Berwick and saw the collaborative method of improvement. When a new Government came to power pledging to improve quality I designed a means of using the collaborative for large scale change. This opened a parallel career in quality improvement for the next 20 years, though I continued to be a practicing GP for the majority of that. Reflections When I started there was literature on total quality management in other industries but very little in healthcare, and nothing on large scale change. The methods challenged orthodoxy about how you changed healthcare delivery and met resistance, even hostility. Much that was suspect is now embraced, techniques that were unheard of are now common and the literature is expanding. This article gives experiential insight into large scale change gathered in my career that I hope may help others now charged with these tasks.  ©
Oman Vision 2040 is the blueprint for Oman’s future aspirations. This vision is set with a number of high-level long-term targets to reflect the desired progress towards the strategic goals, in order to direct all Omani companies to build productive strategies and innovative plans to diversify the country’s economy and reduce the dependence on the oil sector. All Omani companies are required to move according to this path by disclosing forward-looking information and goals in their annual reports. The progress will be monitored by the Vision 2040 Follow Up Unit which will report regularly on the targets. Therefore, our paper examines whether the presence of ruling family members on boards of directors impacts the quality and tone of forward-looking disclosure (FLD). Based on the sample of 34 Omani financial listed firms on Muscat Stock Exchange between 2014 and 2020, we found that there is a positive and significant association between politically connected firms and FLD quality. This confirms prior literature that politically connected firms are considered more transparent than their non-connected peers. We also found that firms with ruling family board members disclose more good forward-looking news in the chairman’s statements. Furthermore, in the case of poor financial performance firms, we found that ruling members tend to disclose more good news than bad news, and they could use impression management techniques to avoid the negative attraction and to maintain their reputation in the market. From these findings, we draw important implications for policymakers and shareholders who need to encourage firms to appoint ruling family directors on their boards (to a specific extent) due to the potential beneficial outcomes they deliver. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This research explores how managers and leaders of the information and communications technology (ICT) firms perceive receptiveness of start-up, growth, or mature developmental stage organizations toward ‘corporate social responsibility’ (CSR), ‘creating shared value’ (CSV), and ‘creating value for all stakeholders’ (VAS) business-stakeholder engagement models. Drawing from the three fundamental tenets of stakeholder theory, defined as ‘jointness of interest’, ‘cooperative strategic posture’ and ‘rejection of a narrowly economic view of the firm’, we found that start-up firms tend to be receptive toward VAS, growth towards CSR, and mature towards CSV business-engagement models. These exploratory findings are important as they suggest that even though a society that seeks to encourage technology companies to broaden their range of stakeholders for innovation, such as their communities or the environment, they might best direct instrumental change toward start-up firms as appreciative of VAS model. We see evidence that these new firms require some time to develop perspectives of ‘jointness of interest’ as they strive to become growth or mature firms. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The research in this paper seeks to advance the effective management of one of the most intractable aspects of disaster response phenomena: material convergence—the sudden and mostly uncoordinated arrival of physical donations in the aftermath of large disasters and catastrophic events—referred to by disaster respondents as a “second-tier disaster.” To do so, the paper analyzes the strategic interactions among, and the incentives presented to, the various agents that influence the generation and management of material convergence, establishing that material convergence management is a Collective Action Problem. The paper defines the agents’ roles in material convergence management and assesses the potential of demand management. To achieve the desired switch of donation choice the paper investigates the use of appeals made by trusted change agents, i.e., representatives of the disaster agents considered by survey respondents as the most trustworthy and knowledgeable of the conditions at the disaster area. The research is based on unique data, the first of its kind available to researchers, assembled by a survey of registered donors in a donation campaign after the Tohoku disasters in 2011. As part of the research, the data is used to: gain insight into the factors that influence donors to donate physical goods or cash; identify the agent(s) that ought to lead the demand management effort; quantify the potential impact of appeals from trusted change agents; and identify a preliminary list of the key messages that trusted change agents should employ in their appeals to induce donors to switch donations from physical supplies to cash. The data show that about 21–32% of donors in the sample would very likely switch to cash donations if trusted change agents (TCAs) requested them to do so. Finally, the paper identifies a set of Operations Management actions to complement efforts of donor behavior change. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Coffee is a national strategic commodity that contributes to Indonesia’s foreign exchange, but its productivity remains low due to cultivation on low potential land. This study aimed to determine the land suitability of endemic liberica coffee using two different methods and formulate recommendations for land management in Pinogu Plateau. Thirteen land units were surveyed, and soil samples were collected and analyzed in the laboratory to identify the land characteristics. Land suitability classes (LSCs) were compared by limiting factor and parametric methods. Analysis using the limiting factor method showed that the actual LSCs for liberica coffee consisted of moderately suitable (S2) and marginally suitable (S3) classes. Efforts for improvement could increase the potential of LSC to become very suitable (S1) and S2 classes. Meanwhile, the assessment with the parametric method indicated that the LSC consisted of S1, S2, and S3 classes. These results revealed that the parametric method provides more realistic land characteristics than the limiting factor method. Land management II or the land that had a little limiting factor turned out to be more dominant with the recommendation of adding P and organic fertilizer. © 2022 Faculty of Agriculture.All rights reserved.
Background: The development of solar PV industry, both on a global and local level (in Indonesia) has shown a great paradigm shift in the source of energy, from the conventional into the renewables. This condition enhanced the importance of analyzing the competitive dynamics of renewable energy industry, in particular, the solar PV industry. Purpose: This study examined the competitive dynamics of solar PV industry in Indonesia, through first analyzing the ecosystem and stakeholders in the industry and followed by the analysis of the competitive dynamics and strategy within energy industry in general and within the solar PV industry in specific. Design/methodology/approach: Literature review was conducted as basis for the analysis. 21st centuries competition theory of Grimm et al. [13] was used as framework for the general energy industry analysis. Whereas Porter [23]'s framework was used as reference to analyze the competitive strategy of solar PV industry in Indonesia. Findings: Analysis on the structural characteristics of solar PV industry in Indonesia indicates that the industry is on its introductory stage, or also called as emerging industry. Challenges potentially constraining the development of the industry ranges from the absence of infrastructure and technological standardization until the response of threatened entity. Criteria determining the adoption of the product, which in this case is the solar PV system, is also a crucial factor to understand. This ranges from the nature of expected benefit until perception of technological change. At last, the findings also pointed out that despite of its drawbacks (such as uncertainty and risk) of this emerging industry condition, an appropriate implementation of strategic choices will enable solar PV industry in Indonesia to achieve an optimum yield. Research limitations: This study was conducted using literature review as basis. An empirical study might be valuable to complete this study. Originality/value: For academicians, this paper can be considered as a valuable starting point to conduct research on solar PV industry, particularly within the strategic management area. For practitioners, this study may serve to enhance understanding on solar PV industry in Indonesia. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The sustainability of Fair Trade ultimately relies on consumers choosing fair-traded products. To date, research has tended to study consumer and producer engagement, and reactions to Fair Trade separately. These areas do, however, interconnect systematically through supply chains. In this paper, we introduce a self-catalyzing model of Fair Trade which acknowledges those interconnections, traces them along supply chains from producer to consumer and addresses different international development priorities articulated in the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Its conceptual elements span (a) product quality, in this case, taste experience influenced by organoleptic properties and moral satisfaction; (b) organizational morality via corporate social responsibility and living wages; and (c) strategic management of slack farming resources—each catalyzed by, and catalyzing, positive emotions. Contingencies at each point in the model alter the likelihood that produce will be and feel fair and taste better to consumers. Copyright 2021 by The American Council on Consumer Interests.
The price risk related to trading in electricity markets has increased significantly in the recent years, due to the ongoing markets liberalization and the growing renewable energy sources production. In this paper we propose a short-term risk management strategy for an electricity supplier, that utilizes diversification of the markets for electricity trade. Based on the day-ahead probabilistic forecasts of electricity prices we calculate predictions of different risk and profit measures taking into account a possible split of the traded energy among markets. Strategies aiming at the risk minimization, profit maximization or finding optimal trade-off between risk and return are applied for the German and Polish electricity markets. The obtained results show that diversifying the markets at which electricity is traded leads to higher profits than trading on the day-ahead market and, at the same time, lower risk than associated with trading on the intraday or balancing market. In each of the considered cases, except for volatility as a risk measure for the German market, the goal of the strategy has been achieved. Implementation of the dynamic strategies has improved the outcomes in terms of risk or profit, compared to the static ones. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: The Balanced Scorecard (BSC) possesses an inherent duality, as it has been described as a carrier of institutions (i.e. the BSC is a “management ideology” or “mode of thinking”) and a flexibly interpretive boundary object at the same time. This study examines how this inherent duality of the BSC may influence the unfolding rationales surrounding its implementation and use. Design/methodology/approach: Empirical support for this investigation is gathered from an in-depth field study. The focal firm is a Brazilian electricity distribution company that transitioned from state to private ownership under hyper-regulation, and whose holding company experienced strategic and structural changes. Findings: The study identified a misalignment between the characteristics of the firm (e.g. organizational logics) and the perceived BSC features. This misalignment initially produced tensions and institutional logics complexity for the organization forcing the BSC implementers to rationalize it to provide meaning regarding its implementation in the firm. The findings also show why and how the promoters of the BSC conducted its “strategy of translation” in order to disentangle and reassemble both the material and symbolic components of the BSC to facilitate its implementation and use. It was found that promoters of the BSC engaged in contextualization work, which featured two main actions: a combination of coupling and selective decoupling and a change of meaning. Originality/value: This paper advances current understanding of the process of the unfolding rationales surrounding management accounting innovations (e.g. the BSC). The study shows that the BSC unfolds in more complex, time-related and simultaneous ways than has previously been reported in the literature. Moreover, the paper contributes by explaining how the management's rationales, relating to their historical understanding, perception of legitimation needs and social skills, contributed to the continuous unfolding of the BSC. In addition, four potentially interesting areas for further research were identified. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The continuous growth of natural gas demand in China has brought about supply security from the insufficient supply of domestic resources and ever-increasing dependency on natural gas imports. A multi-agent game framework for supply security is proposed to investigate availability, accessibility, and affordability along natural gas industry and supply chain. In this framework, an exhaustible resource market equilibrium model based on mixed complementary programming (MCP) is developed, taking into account the dynamic depletion of the remaining recoverable reserves, to evaluate the gas supply security in China. The results indicate the supply security of China's natural gas is far from optimistic from 2020 to 2049, and the newly-increased recoverable reserves of 200 bcm/a are required to meet the expanding scale of the natural gas market. However, it will face supply risks with lower Reserve-Production ratios after 2030 and higher dependencies after 2040. Therefore, the equilibrium model is used to simulate for seeking feasible solutions to ensure the natural gas supply security from three aspects: market structure, discount rate, and resources tax. Several combinational strategies suitable for China's natural gas supply security are suggested according to the market structure, natural gas import, discount rate, and resources tax for building a more diversification system of natural gas supply, establishing an efficient allocation system of the natural gas market and setting up an effective strategic stockpile system of natural gas resources. © 2022 The Authors
Circular Economy (CE) practices have the potential to enhance sustainability performance of organisations and therefore can help respond to United Nations Sustainability Development Goals. The aim of this research is to examine the adoption of CE in Euroepan small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) and its impact on sustainability performance. We analyse the current state of CE practices and its impact on sustainability performance across key CE fields of action (design, procurement, production, distribution, consumption and recover) for SMEs in France, Greece, Spain and the UK A mixed-methods approach (survey, interviews, case studies) is undertaken to collect data from around 100 SMEs in each country, employing resource-based view as the theoretical lens. Our findings reveal that CE adoption can result into superior environmental performance through energy and resource efficiency, and waste reduction. Moreover, the ‘design’ function contributes the most towards the adoption of CE in SMEs, whereas the ‘recover’ function contributes the least, considering the current state-of-practices. From a theoretical perspective, we outline the issues and challenges, impact of support from customers and policymakers, and self-motivation of SMEs to adopt CE. Based on the findings, we propose an implementation framework for SMEs to develop organisation wide strategic initiatives for CE adoption in business operations. © 2022 The Authors
Uncertainty and a lack of stability are among the difficulties non-governmental organisa-tions face. However, certain strategies for ensuring their performance’s sustainability have not been empirically demonstrated in the literature. Using strategic resource management practises and artificial intelligence, this study examines the effect of organisational learning and corporate social responsibility on the sustainability of non-governmental organisations’ performance. The survey gathered data from 171 participants representing 21 United Nations organisations and 70 non-gov-ernmental organisations in Jordan to accomplish this goal. The data were analysed using WarpPLS and PLS-SEM. The study demonstrates that organisational learning, artificial intelligence, strategic human resource management practises, and corporate social responsibility all contribute to the long-term viability of non-governmental organisations. Furthermore, the study discovered that strategic resource management practises and artificial intelligence significantly mediate the relationship between organisational learning and sustainable organisational performance on the one hand, and corporate social responsibility on the other. Finally, the study provides theoretical and practical guidance on how to apply the findings to assist non-profit organisations’ management in utilising organisational learning, corporate social responsibility, artificial intelligence, and strategic resource management practices to help them run their internal operations in a more efficient and sustainable manner over time. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Despite there was significant increase in the corporate social responsibility (CSR) literature, in the last decade, little attention has been devoted to shed light on strategic CSR practices in the hospitality industry, especially in the context of developing countries. This paper uses a case-study methodology to investigate the CSR practices of eight hotels in Santa Marta, Colombia. The results show that the hotel companies were implementing different CSR behaviors that can be classified as philanthropic-reactive, legal-reactive, and active groups. The findings revealed that their CSR activities were focused on adding value to their economic performance. This contribution implies that Individual improvement plans for each establishment and a CSR management model for the entire industry are proposed. The results have important theoretical and practical implications for academia and the hospitality industry. Future research should take into account more stakeholders and companies from other industries in the study area. © 2021 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Solid waste generation has been significantly accelerated by the rapid growth of economy and population worldwide. The traditional waste management focusing on waste utilization and disposal is unable to unravel the continuous depletion of finite natural resources. “Zero waste” as an integrated waste management method to promote waste reduction through a pack of strategies such as cleaner production and green consumption has emerged. Here, we systematically reviewed the researches on zero waste from a scientometric perspective, and visually unveiled the most productive countries, evolution process, main authors, major research areas, and documents of zero waste research domain. The results show that with increased publications, zero waste has become a multidisciplinary study area and food waste reduction is the biggest sub-network in zero waste research. The current research frontiers are mainly regarding “lean production,” “consumer behavior,” “productivity.” Accordingly, this study proposed a pathway for realizing zero waste cities with three lanes: (1) research and development, (2) management method, and (3) policy and implementation. The findings are also expected to be beneficial to latecomer researches in the waste management field. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Cave tourism is a very important aspect of the global tourist market, because in some parts of the world, it has been an active form of economic affirmation for decades. Precisely because of the need to improve and modernize the strategic management of this form of tourism, it is necessary to understand the needs of tourists who visit show caves, their motives and limitations. Research on the motives and travel constraints of tourists visiting show caves has been done in the past. However, this study provides a unique contribution to the literature related to the motivation and demotivation of (geo)tourists, since it deals with the comperhensive motivation-constraints scale. The primary contribution is reflected in the development of two scales — show cave visitor motivation scale (SCVMS) and show cave visitor constraints scale (SPVCS). The identified tourist motives and travel constraints could act as an important insight for targeted marketing towards different market segments and further differentiating tourism offer and boosting destination competitiveness. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to The European Association for Conservation of the Geological Heritage.
Research Summary: Freemium products require widespread diffusion for their success. One way to do this is by incorporating social features (e.g., multiplayer functionality, virtual collaboration, ridesharing), which can generate network effects and result in a product becoming a superstar. However, social features can be a double-edged sword: When demand potential for freemium products is large, social features can significantly boost a product's appeal resulting in more adoption, more usage, and more in-app purchases; but when demand potential is constrained, network effects might fall short and users may feel they are missing out on key aspects of the product. We test this dynamic on a sample of 9,700 digital games on Steam. Findings contribute to our understanding of network effects, freemium strategies, and superstar products in platform markets. Managerial Summary: Freemium has become a popular business model among firms competing on digital platforms. Freemium products require widespread diffusion because most consumers do not pay for premium upgrades. One way to stimulate a product's diffusion is by incorporating social features (e.g., multiplayer functionality, virtual collaboration, ridesharing). Social features can boost a product's appeal resulting in more adoption, more usage, and more in-app purchases. Our analysis of 9,700 digital PC games on Steam reveals that the efficacy of incorporating social features importantly depends on the number of users on the platform itself. Social features can help freemium products become a superstar when the platform's installed base is large, but they hinder a freemium product's success when the platform's installed base is small. © 2021 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This paper demonstrates the theoretical rationale for incorporating the concept of relationship management into the contingency theory of strategic conflict management (the contingency theory thereafter). Such a contingency approach is created to aid organizations in evaluating organization-public relationships (OPR) across stages of crises. Based on cross-disciplinary scholarship from crisis communication and public relations, this study explores how the identified three categories of contingency factors, such as predisposing, situational, and proscriptive elements affect relationships in the crisis management process. A case study of the Wukan crisis between governments and activist publics in mainland China is analyzed to examine the contingent organization-public relationships (COPR) and its predecessors. Implications of this study are to move the contingency theory beyond the static measurement of stances and extend its scope into relationship management. This study also adds value to the crisis communication literature, which mainly focuses on organizations in Western contexts. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
The socio-economic and institutional systems of a developing country like India have a big role in the effects of perception on the choice of adapting capability. The study uses exploratory factor analysis to better understand these implications in a regional context (EFA). Therefore, survey research is carried out in Sindhudurg district of coastal Maharashtra, with 410 respondents, assessing perception. EFA leads to the unpacking of latent constructs evaluating the perception of climate change, which in turn affects adaptive capacity and livelihood resilience. These constructs are biophysical impact cognition, motivation to change, economic diversification, and adaptive skills, which together account for 50% of coastal fishermen’s perception of climate change. Multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) revealed differences in the interpretation of these factors among coastal fishermen from various backgrounds (MANOVA). Overall, the research emphasizes the importance of perception in determining adaptive choices and resilience. According to the findings, developing adaptation-friendly infrastructural areas is recommended for society’s resilient functioning. © 2022 Technoscience Publications. All rights reserved.
The paradigm of value-based health care is spreading worldwide; however, Value-Based Digital Health (VBDH) is still an emerging concept. VBDH is understood as the use of digital tools to facilitate the generation of value in health. It is accelerated by technological change, cultural, and organizational factors. An accurate diagnosis of the organizational VBDH maturity is crucial to define and implement strategic actions to progress with VBDH transformation. This study aimed to validate a VBDH questionnaire, which measures the degree of maturity of VBDH from the perspective of managers (N = 146) in Spanish healthcare organizations. Results show good internal consistency of the questionnaire. Factor analysis identified seven dimensions to measure VBHC maturity: (1) Resources, incentives, and financing; (2) Knowledge and participation of patients and workers in the strategy of progress towards VBDH; (3) Training of professionals and tool knowledge for advancement in VBDH; (4) Innovation initiatives; (5) Information and its quality; (6) Leadership, strategy and governance; and (7) Knowledge of the fundamentals and objectives, as well as access to relevant VBDH information. The questionnaire presents good validity and internal consistency and meets the requirements to be an instrument for routine use to assess VBDH organizational maturity. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The increasing unmanned aircraft system (UAS) applications in urban environments pose challenges for safe and efficient low altitude air traffic management. As an essential enabler to meet these challenges, pre-flight 4D routes optimization is required to conduct conflict detection and resolution (CD&R) and to generate conflict-free flight routes before departure. Existing studies on strategic deconfliction cover several types of strategies such as scheduling or rerouting. However, a single type of strategy used to solve different types of conflicts may lead to an unsafe and inefficient way of conflict resolution. This paper proposes an adaptive decision-making framework to optimize the resolution strategies used for different types of conflicts with explainable mechanisms. The proposed framework is formulated as a double-layer optimization problem with the considerations of scheduling, speed adjustment, and rerouting strategies for conflict resolution. The first layer of the framework is established as a probabilistic selection model to make decisions on which strategy should be selected for what type of conflict. The second layer is developed as a mixed-integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) model to optimize the decision variables of the strategies selected by the first layer. To solve the proposed double-layer optimization problem, we introduce and improve a novel meta-heuristic stochastic fractal search (SFS) algorithm with two major improvements of a penalty-guided fitness function and an exploitation-exploration balancing scheme. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed adaptive conflict resolution framework successfully optimizes the strategies used for each type of flight conflict, which subsequently optimizes the 4D routes with significant reductions in total operational cost, number of flight conflicts, and flight delays. The improved stochastic fractal search (ISFS) algorithm is also proved effective and reliable in solving the proposed optimization problem in different traffic density scenarios. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Emerging market multinational enterprises (EMNEs) are attracting significant scholarly attention in the international business and general management domain. The extant research has provided important insights into the EMNEs’ internationalization processes and whether the existing theories adequately explain their outward investment motives. This special issue aims to provide a platform suited to extend the current understanding of the rapid rise of EMNEs and examine the vital role played by strategic ambidexterity and its performance implications for the EMNEs. The current research on EMNEs has failed to adequately leverage strategic ambidexterity and link it with the post-entry performance of EMNEs. We argue that the strategic ambidexterity perspective offers valuable opportunities to understand the post-entry performance of EMNEs as they expand into developed and developing markets. The article also highlights important areas for future research by taking into account the current COVID-19 pandemic crisis. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The present study aims to tackle SMEs (small and medium-sized enterprises) managers' awareness of coopetition benefits underpinning the process of knowledge sharing with a view to achieve innovative performance. The scrutiny of coopetition is placed within the context of SMEs strategic networks, which foster a fertile ground for competitive knowledge sharing and direct collaboration among members. Design/methodology/approach: In total, 102 top managers and business owners of European steel SMEs were questioned regarding various issues related to coopetition, knowledge, collaboration and innovative performance strategies. The collected data were analyzed via the technique of partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM). Findings: The obtained values confirm that intense competition in the field stimulates SMEs to become aware of the benefits of coopetition. This awareness directly influences the innovative performance of the SMEs, as well as their interest in competitive knowledge sharing and their willingness to engage in direct collaboration. Direct collaboration catalyzes more intense competitive knowledge sharing at the inter-unit level whereas both direct collaboration and competitive knowledge sharing lead to better innovative performance in the case of the studied steel SMEs. Research limitations/implications: A key theoretical contribution resides in revealing the influence of manifold factors in the overall equation of innovative performance, integrating competition, coopetition and knowledge sharing as antecedents. Originality/value: The research advances a phenomenological view on SMEs networks in their strategy to leverage competitive knowledge and enhance system-driven innovation. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In light of an increasingly integrated society, in-depth research is needed to explore how particular perceived values may guide leadership behaviour by measuring the everyday actions of employees. As Asian individual values become collective, there is an increased likelihood that they will be perceived as cultural values that translate into expectations of leadership roles. This article considers the impact of changes in leadership roles from a role theory perspective, based on Asian values leading to changes in leadership styles. The sample is taken from an organised industrial zone which consists of a high immigrant workforce that continues to grow. The research was conducted in western Turkey but has appeared in leading survey results on Asian cultural values. This study found significant symbolic interactionism between values and leadership roles. There were also correlations between roles and leadership styles, since leaders also influence the interpersonal roles of their employees. Among managers involved in decision-making and information processing, an autocratic participative leadership style has emerged. Points for practitioners: In every organisation, leaders should be aware of values in their organisations by measuring the everyday actions of employees. To become proficient leaders, they should learn to act in a manner suitable to the roles expected by their subordinates. Furthermore, to be efficient, leaders should adopt what is considered a ‘proper' style through comparison to the indicated roles. In a nutshell, leadership, values and leadership styles are interference acts that affect all processes, from recruitment to strategic management. © The Author(s) 2020.
Recent studies suggest that brand awareness and brand image do not directly influence future purchases and brand knowledge alone is not sufficient for building strong brands. Keller’s reflections, particularly pointing to a small group of highly engaged customers, call for a rethink on brand equity in the light of a fast-developing digital world. Research also indicate that in a sharing economy, there is a transformation of customer identity and identification with brand communities leads to positive outcomes. While the idea of brand community has existed for almost two decades, its role in strategic brand management is not explored. With the ideas rooted in a cognitive culture and social identity, the differential effect of brand culture—the collective memory of a brand community—can be conceptualized as community-based brand equity (CommBBE). By advancing Keller’s customer-based brand equity (CBBE) model, this paper rejuvenates the idea of the memory-based differential effect of a brand. Conceptualizing CommBBE may guide practitioners in managing brand equity in a digitally connected world. It may trigger a series of studies to provide more refined measures and directions for brand building. © 2021, Academy of Marketing Science.
Context: Increases in fire frequency, intensity and extent are occurring globally. Relative to historical, Indigenous managed conditions, contemporary landscapes are often characterised by younger age classes of vegetation and a much smaller representation of long-unburnt habitat. Objectives: We argue that, to conserve many threatened vertebrate species in Australia, landscape management should emphasise the protection of existing long-unburnt patches from fire, as well as facilitate the recruitment of additional long-unburnt habitat, while maintaining historically relevant age distributions of more recently burned patches. Methods: We use a range of case studies and ecosystem types to illustrate three lines of evidence: (1) that many threatened vertebrate species depend on mid- to late-successional ecosystem attributes; (2) disturbance to long-unburnt habitat tends to increase risk of future disturbance and ecosystem collapse; and (3) contemporary landscapes exhibit a range of characteristics that differ to historical conditions and require context-specific management. Conclusions: It is crucial that we adequately consider the implications of altered contemporary landscapes for management activities that aim to conserve threatened vertebrates. Contemporary landscapes often lack a range of critical structural and compositional components typical of late-successional habitat that are required for the persistence of threatened vertebrates. We need to shift towards strategic, objective-driven approaches that identify and protect long-unburnt habitats and promote their recruitment to enable recovery of many declining and threatened species. © 2022, The Author(s).
Flood prediction across scales and more specifically in ungauged areas remains a great challenge that limits the efficiency of flood risk mitigation strategies and disaster preparedness. Building upon the recent success of Machine Learning (ML) models on streamflow prediction, this work presents a prototype ML-based framework for flood warning and flood peak prediction. The fundamental elements of the proposed system consist of a) a Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) model for classifying storm events to Flood/no-Flood given a threshold based on the 90th flow percentile and b) the flood peak prediction models. The selected ML-models for flood peak prediction are the Histogram based Gradient Boosting Regressor and the Random Forest. One of the strengths, and reason for selection, of these decision-tree models is their degree of interpretability. This is exploited in the study to help us spatially disentangle the role of both the static and dynamic drivers of flood peak response. Our analysis is presented for 18 distinct hydroclimatic regions across the contiguous US. Results reveal a significant regional dependence on both predictive performance and dominant flood predictors, which emphasize the variability in the complexity of a catchment's hydrologic behavior as well as its impact on forecasting flood response. Evaluation of the drivers of flood peaks noted distinct dependencies among the dynamic and static predictors considered in our models for flood peaks of different severity. Specifically, low-moderate flood events showed a clear preponderance for the static catchment attributes over dynamic predictors like precipitation whereas precipitation was the dominant driver for the highest flood peaks. The proposed flood peak prediction models were compared against a state-of-the-art LSTM model and were shown to outperform in ungauged basins for the majority of basins. Overall, the proposed system classified storms correctly for >80% in all cases and exhibited a percent relative difference in flood peak estimates of <30% in most cases. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
From a climate change perspective, the governance of natural common-pool resources—the commons—is a key point in the challenge of transitioning to sustainability. This paper presents the main strategic advances of the São Paulo Urban Living Laboratory (ULL) regarding Food, Energy and Water (FEW Nexus) analysis and modelling at the border of a high biodiverse forest in a peri-urban region in southeast Brazil. It is a replicable and scalable method concerning FEW governance. The FEW Nexus is an analytical guide to actions that will enable a colossal set of innovative processes that the transition to sustainability presupposes. Sustainable governance of the FEW dimensions, seen as an innovation-based process, is approached by a decision making tool to understand the past and future dynamics of the system. The governance framework is based on a multi-criteria and multi-attribute set of sustainability-relevant factors used as indicators to model complex system dynamics (SD) and the stakeholders’ future expectations through a Delphi approach. Based on the three main dimensions of the Ecosystem Services Approach—Physical and Material Conditions, Attributes of Communities, and Rules-in-Use—the tool comprises thirteen specific sustainability indicators such as water and carbon footprints, land use social development, payment for ecosystem services, and land use gain indices. Its development was designed to generate a long-term network of socioenvironmental stakeholders’ decision making processes and collective learning about a higher level of sustainable systems. System Dynamics modelling demonstrates the associations between sustainability indicators and the impacts of payment for ecosystem services on the land use social development index, or on the trophic state index. The Delphi foresight approach, using the Promethee-Gaia method, allows us to understand the positions of multiple agents regarding the transition process. In this context, decision making tools can be very useful and effective in answering the “how to” questions of ULLs and paving the way for transition, providing collective planning and decision support frameworks for sustainability transition management. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Food waste management is increasingly being emphasized globally due to its economic and environmental impacts and strategic transformation towards sustainability. This can be observed from the increasing number of zero food waste (ZFW) initiatives that are being adopted by communities and institutions, including universities. Food waste composting, in particular, is increasingly being used for food waste recovery on university campuses. Campus sustainability managers are often challenged with the interrelated impacts of economic and noneconomic factors when selecting a composting system and the sensitivity and risks involved in such a decision. Reviewed research highlights the need for a comprehensive assessment of economic and operational feasibility in order to adopt an effective on-campus food waste composting system. This paper presents a methodological framework for assessing the feasibility of on-campus food waste composting systems. In addition to the composting project's economic feasibility, the framework utilizes the analytical hierarchy process to integrate noneconomic criteria into the assessment of composting alternatives. The framework then analyzes the sensitivity of the present worth of each composting system to projected changes in the economic parameters used. The framework also models the impacts of variability in the operational parameters of the composting system. Assessment values are then integrated into a normalized ranking of the alternative composting systems. The framework is illustrated through the assessment of three alternatives for installing on-campus food composters in a major university. The results provide insight and guidelines for adopting economically effective food waste recovery systems and ZFW initiatives for green and sustainable university campuses. Integr Environ Assess Manag 2022;18:964–977. © 2021 SETAC. © 2021 SETAC.
Purpose: The current study attempts to bridge the existing gap related to the role of knowledge acquisition from international alliance partners to improve competitiveness by examining the distinct processes of knowledge acquisition and the challenges confronted in this learning process in order to enhance local and international market performance. Design/methodology/approach: Following case-study approach based on systematic combining, the study presents a case of knowledge acquisition and learning in the context of an international consultancy alliance between leading Pakistani and Chinese engineering firms using six in-depth interviews of key engineers to explore the dynamic mechanisms for knowledge acquisition and learning from the Chinese firm. Grounded analysis drawn upon the Straussian version of grounded theory (GT) {{Strauss, 1990 #136} Strauss, 1998 #139} is used for data analysis in this research. Findings: It was found that the processes of explicit and implicit knowledge acquisition from Chinese firms are integrated consultancy working, social and technical adaptability and seeking confirmation about the work done and knowledge/theories and models used in work. However, these processes are quite complex, posing serious challenges for National Engineering Services, Pakistan to acquire the required knowledge, which can be addressed through partners' motivation to share and acquire knowledge, cultural intelligence and friendship and informal association. The study also found that the knowledge acquired from technologically advanced international organizations by the host partner in the international strategic alliance not only provides a competitive edge to the local host in its local market but also builds its capacity to undertake similar projects in other parts of the world, substantially enhancing its market success. Originality/value: Adding up to the current literature that focuses on knowledge acquisition in a parent-subsidiary relationship, the current research proposes a framework for knowledge acquisition in the unique context of international strategic alliances. The research provides managerial guidelines to manage knowledge acquisition for gaining a competitive edge that would be helpful for the managers in the era of growing interdependence among the organizations across the borders. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In this article, an actor-centered approach was used to conceptualize marketization trends under statist-corporatist regimes and to critically examine theories on the trends and impact of marketization. A grounded theory method was used to guide data collection. A total of 65 critical incidents from the perspective of senior executives were collected from 18 nonprofit organizations in Hong Kong. Their annual budgets all exceeded US$6.5 million. Behavioral event interviews were conducted with the senior executives to understand how they conceptualized the organizational challenges and rationalized their decisions. The results show that commercialization was not a major marketization trend in statist-corporatist regimes. Nonprofit organizations were found enhancing self-governance capacities through building management competencies, articulating organizational policies and know-how, and adopting strategic management. It was not driven by institutional isomorphism. Second, strategic human resource management was revealed as another strategy to reduce resource dependence, which enriches the theory's current focus on earned-income strategies. Third, service expansions were observed as either directed at service gaps or driven by competition. By specifying the rationales for service expansion in exclusively nonprofit service markets, the study nuances the debate over the impact of marketization on nonprofit sectors. Points for practitioners: For policymakers, it is important to be aware of the impact of market mechanisms on the nonprofit sector, which varies across countries due to the differences in the institutional framework for social service provision. For nonprofit managers, particularly those working in a statist-corporatist sector, they may benefit from self-governance strategies, revenue strategies such as active fundraising campaigns and regular donor programs, and strategic human resource management practices. More importantly, it is revealed that service expansions driven by competition for market shares and resources could render nonprofits, particularly those serve multiple types of target beneficiaries susceptible to the struggles of defining organizational identity and core competencies. © The Author(s) 2020.
Consumers’ strategic behavior and psychological perception have impact on supply chains. In this paper, we consider a supply chain with one supplier and one retailer to study the influence of disappointment-aversion strategic (DAS) consumers on supply chain members’ decisions and performance. The results of this study show that strategic consumers can reduce the profit levels of such a supply chain, whilst DAS consumers can alleviate this effect. We also study the effectiveness of a quantity commitment strategy for a centralized supply chain when faced with DAS consumers. Under certain conditions, the quantity commitment strategy can further reduce the loss of profit caused by strategic consumers. Then the maximum profit of the centralized supply chain under the quantity commitment strategy is used as a benchmark. We then analyze the coordination efficiency and implementability of a wholesale price contract and a price subsidy contract respectively in a decentralized supply chain. The results show that the wholesale price contract can achieve the optimal profit benchmark of the centralized supply chain, but it can only realize fixed profit allocation to supply chain members; the price subsidy contract can not only achieve the optimal profit of the centralized supply chain but also make arbitrary profit allocation among chain members. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Coffee berry borer (CBB) (Hypothenemus hampei; Coleoptera: Curculionidae: Scolytinae) is a major insect pest affecting coffee cultivation that causes large economic losses worldwide. Characteristics related to its life cycle makes it very difficult to control. Usually, CBB control measures are carried out at plot scale, with almost no actions taken at wider landscape scales. It is unclear how plot level control strategies and landscape factors act alone or in combination to influence CBB infestation levels. We evaluated the joint effects of crop management at the plot level, of farm features, and of landscape structure at different spatial scales on CBB infestation in 50 Costa Rican coffee farms. On five plants in each farm, we estimated the maximum number of infested berries during the fruiting period. We measured three separate groups of variables related to plot management practices, farm features and landscape structure. To assess their single and joint contributions, their relative importance and the effects of these variables on the number of infested berries we used the variance partitioning approach of the RandomForest algorithm. When evaluating the groups of factors separately, we found that crop management explained 35% of the variability of number of infested berries, farm features 42% and landscape structure 27%. The joint contribution of all three groups of variables explained 48% of variability of the number of infested berries. However, when we assessed the single contributions of each set of variables, i.e., when controlling the other two set of variables, we found that farm features explained 17% of the variance of the number of infested berries, landscape structure 6% and crop management practices only 3%. The larger amount of the variance explained by the joint effect of crop management practices, farm features, and landscape structure suggests that to develop a pest management strategy at a local scale it is important to consider the effect of both local and landscape factors affecting pest abundance. The integrated CBB management plan should consider influences at multiple spatial scales and a coordinated action among farmers that share the same landscape would be beneficial. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Water resources are not only the essential natural resources for the national economy and people’s livelihood but also are the strategic economic resources for the safe production of energy and food. However, the shortage of water resources caused by extreme climate is a great challenge to energy enterprises and food producers. According to the game theory and the theory of economic development stage, this paper constructs an evolutionary game model for local governments, energy enterprises, and food producers. Further, it analyzes the evolutionary stability strategies of the game players at different development stages through simulations. The results indicate that: (1) the game players have different strategies of evolutionary stability at different development stages, while local governments adopting water-saving policies will promote the water-saving behavior of energy enterprises and food producers; (2) the choice of water-saving behavior of energy enterprises and food producers mainly depends on the water-saving costs; (3) the guidance of the government and the management of water-saving cost make the large water consumers realize the transformation from the ‘competition of water-consuming’ to the ‘cooperation of water-saving.’ According to the above analysis, many political recommendations are further put forward. © 2022 The Authors.
By highlighting the importance of tracking the maturity of various phenomena, this study aims at facilitating their response to the emerging changes and reducing the complexity of organizational management processes. To support business excellence and organization management in the SMART WORLD era, special attention was paid to previous findings. The pilot study research was carried out on a sample of 107 enterprises from Poland and Lithuania. The results of the data analysis collected during the quantitative research and their mapping identified: Currently leading trends (mainstream-"new normal trends"), trends expected to undergo the development in short/medium/long term perspective and trends labelled as "no future"-fads or one step before their time. Research results were the basis for expressing preliminary conclusions about how to reduce uncertainty and complexity of the process of strategic decision making by contemporary managers.  © 2022 Anna Adamik et al., published by Sciendo.
By using the two-way fixed effects model and Chinese bank data from 2003 to 2015, this paper studied the influence of foreign strategic investors (FSIs) on bank credit risk in China and tested the possible disclosure effect, management effect and financial effect. The research found that FSIs improved the information disclosure of local banks and enhanced the level of corporate governance. It is found that FSIs increased the NPL ratio of banks by 0.47% on average, mainly in the first 3 years due to the time lag, which is mainly attributed to the improved information disclosure of local banks. Based on the superposition effect, the study concluded that FSIs improved credit risk management and reduced the NPL ratio in the long term. In the mechanism test, loan growth and nonperforming loan write-offs had no effect on the coefficients of foreign shares, which excluded the possible financial effect; meanwhile, FSIs had no significant effect on yield either economically or statistically, which excluded the “high-yield, high-risk” market-based pricing mechanism. In the heterogeneity analysis, FSIs affected mainly the top five state-owned Chinese banks and joint-stock banks, while the impact of urban commercial banks was insignificant. The reason is probably that the top five state-owned banks and joint-stock banks are more important in Chinese banking industry and the government and regulators pay more attention to them. As a result, the reform is more standardized and thorough. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Background: Nigeria has one of the highest maternal morbidity and mortality rates in the world. A strategic approach to reverse this trend is timely recognition and prompt treatment of pregnancy related diseases at primary care levels. This study assessed the knowledge, attitude and treatment practices of primary care providers (PCPs) on Nausea and Vomiting of Pregnancy (NVP) at primary care settings in Osun State, south-west Nigeria. Study design: The study employed a descriptive cross-sectional design and two-stage sampling technique. Assessment of the study outcomes (level of knowledge, attitude and practice) was done using a validated questionnaire and were categorized based on performance scores. Data was collected using a pre-tested questionnaire to elicit information on socio-demographic characteristics, level of knowledge of NVP, attitudes on roles and specific tasks in caring for NVP and practices in the management of NVP. The data collected was analyzed using descriptive and inferential statistics. Bivariate analysis comprised Chi-square test on association between level of knowledge of NVP and job cadres while correlation test assessed strength of relationship between level of knowledge of NVP and years of experience. Analytical statistics considered a p < 0.05 to be statistically significant. Results: Of the 250 PCPs enrolled into the study, only 1.2% demonstrated good knowledge of NVP and its recommended management modalities. There was a statistically significant association between the level of knowledge of PCPs and job cadres (χ2 = 2.840, p = 0.039) while correlation showed a statistically positive relationship between level of knowledge and years of experience (r = 0.272, p = 0.001). Less than half [22 (8.8%)], [47 (18.8%)] and [3 (1.2%)] of the nurses, community workers and doctors respectively agreed NVP is a purely natural phenomenon and requires no treatment, while more than half [36 (14.4%)] of the health assistants agreed that NVP is natural and requires no treatment. Almost all the respondents had recommended pharmacological measures for the treatment of NVP during their professional practice and encountered complications with their use. Conclusion: The level of knowledge of NVP and its management was very low among the PCPs. An educational tool aimed at bridging the knowledge gap may lead to improved care. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
This study develops a framework for asset management strategy of wastewater collection networks comprised of three interconnected decision-making layers: (1) Visions & Values, (2) Function, and (3) Performance, which are set according to the established concepts of strategic targets, policy levers, sustainability and life cycle. The asset management strategy framework is implemented and validated through demonstration of functionality and value by using the wastewater collection networks of three utilities in Ontario, Canada, to drive management simulations. A borrowing management strategy is used to benchmark the utilities against each other in terms of infrastructure, sociopolitical, and financial performance over a 100-year benchmarking period. It is found that a borrowing management strategy can enable the utility to accelerate their capital works, reduce the volume of inflow and infiltration and their associated expenses and sustainably meet their strategic targets over the life cycle of the assets. Using contour plots, the impact of maximum debt capacity on two infrastructure and financial benchmarking performance indicators is also investigated to explore the “optimal” combination of allowable fee hikes and preferred rehabilitation rates. Furthermore, using a borrowing management strategy, a business case for asset management of wastewater collection networks is developed to explore the “optimal” combination of allowable fee-hike and rehabilitation rates, using a developed inflow and infiltration expenditures (I&IEx) saving ratio contour plots. The results indicate that a borrowing management strategy competes as long as the combinations of allowable fee-hike and preferred rehabilitation rates lead to a positive value of I&IEx saving ratio. Copyright © 2022 Ganjidoost, Knight, Unger and Haas.
The Russian federation uses several tools to allow it to place pressure on the western world in an asymmetric manner, among them being cyber-attacks, economic tools, and information-influence campaigns. These instruments are especially strongly felt in Estonia. This article uses Estonia’s example in order to delve into Russia’s political goals and strategic conduct. Specifically, analysis is provided in regard to the political context, instruments which form part of the ‘information war’, and any effective counter-measures, with all of this being carried out within the theoretical framework of constructivism. As will be argued, the shift from European to Eurasian power and Russia’s carefully crafted management process of not exceeding red lines, as well as its process of exploiting the socioeconomic weaknesses of the west all play a relevant role in understanding the political context. As for instruments, Russia has developed tools which can be analysed in terms of strategic conspiracy narratives, while it has likewise used several channels which lie next to the usual media tools, along with policy tools such as Pax Russica and the compatriot policy. © Viljar Veebel, Illimar Ploom, Vladimir Sazonov, 2021 © Military Academy of Lithuania, 2021.
In this paper, we examine to what extent the firm’s propensity to be embedded in a network with advantageous structural attributes is driven by its capabilities for network management. Specifically, we discern network management practices on two organizational levels (relationship management (RM) and portfolio management (PM)) and explore their effects on three dimensions of local network structure (network centrality (NC), knowledge complementarity (KC), and tie strength (TS)). To test our hypotheses, we collect sociometric survey data from the largest inter-firm network in the German energy industry. The results indicate that intra-firm processes for network management indeed are key enablers of structural network advantages. Further, we demonstrate that RM and PM exert distinct effects: PM helps the firm improve NC, RM leads to increased TS, and KC results from an additive effect of the two capabilities. In all, our work contributes to theory on strategic networks by providing an integrated perspective on how network structure and network management benefit innovation performance. © 2021 The Authors. Journal of Management Studies published by Society for the Advancement of Management Studies and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Disasters can generate huge amounts of waste, based on their nature and intensity. The debris could overburden existing waste processing facilities, disrupting response and recovery phase efforts. If disaster waste is not properly managed, it can have serious public health and environmental consequences. This research develops a two-stage framework to assist disaster waste managers in making effective decisions in a post-disaster environment. The proposed framework's first stage efficiently assesses disruption risk and allocates waste to temporary waste management sites in a cost-effective manner during the response phase, while the second stage assists in waste processing following the triple lines of sustainability: economy, environment, and society during the long-term recovery phase. Further, the chaotic environment of a disaster makes it difficult to access information, compromising the effectiveness of waste management decisions; thus, a Me measure-based robust possibilistic programming solution methodology has been developed. A case study is used to validate the suggested framework and solution approach. The findings show that by incurring 15.1% greater costs, desired level of social and environmental goals may be attained. Further, it is found that the higher priority of economic objective makes a minimal number of waste processing facilities operational while the high priority of social objective makes maximum facilities operational which exponentially increases the total cost of waste management. The proposed framework will assist policymakers in developing tactical and strategic plans for disaster waste management. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
In response to consumers' growing interest in how products are sourced, produced, and distributed, organizations are increasingly transparent about their supply chain sustainability practices. Supply chain transparency (SCT) efforts are intended to signal positive information about the company to consumers but the benefits are often unclear, especially when consumers receive multiple, but mixed signals that include negative events. We draw on signaling theory to explore how consumers develop impressions of a company's products based on different evaluative dimensions: the positive integrity signal of SCT and the negative capability signal of a product recall. The incongruent signal set creates ambiguity for consumers in assessing product quality and subsequent purchase decisions. We develop two scenario-based experiments to test aspects of interdimensional signal incongruence. Experiment 1 investigates the magnitude of signal incongruity by considering combinations of different levels of SCT and product recall severity. Experiment 2 investigates the temporal effect of the incongruent signals, considering the restorative effect of SCT after a product recall signal has been received. While product recall signals are salient for consumers in shaping perceptions of product quality and purchase intentions across both experiments, we demonstrate the strategic value of SCT as a positive integrity signal to consumers. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Operations Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Association for Supply Chain Management, Inc.
Water funds are task-specific organisations that conserve and restore watersheds. The funds provide sustained finance and a collaborative space for actors at different levels to improve the water regulation functions of upstream ecosystems, safeguard water quality, and establish ecological connectivity with the aim of ensuring downstream water quantity and quality. However, while implementing conservation and restoration efforts at local level, water funds encounter scale challenges, consisting of mismatches between the ecological and the governance scale and misalignment between governance levels. This study's aim is to identify and unravel both the scale challenges with which two Ecuadorian water funds (FONAG and FORAGUA) were confronted and the scale-sensitive governance strategies that they planned and deployed to overcome them. We collected data through a document review, 48 semi-structured interviews, and participatory observation, and used content analysis methods to analyse the interview transcripts. Consequently, at both funds, we identified a blind spot towards rural livelihood realities, a temporal mismatch between short-term election cycles and long-term restoration timelines, and a spatial mismatch between the reach of restoration efforts and degradation processes. At FORAGUA, we also identified heterogeneity across levels regarding the purpose of restoration, with different spatial implications. We identified a total of 12 tailored strategies that the two water funds deployed or aim to deploy in reaction to these challenges in an attempt to re-create fit with ecological processes and alignment with other governance levels. Some of these strategies caused new scale challenges to emerge. By observing and acting on emerging scale challenges, water funds try to stay on course to achieve restoration objectives. We conclude that the water funds, which are governance arrangements designed to create spatial and temporal fit with ecological processes, have to continuously adapt their governance strategies to maintain cross-scale fit and cross-level alignment. © 2022 The Authors
The article aims to present the concept of performance-based budgeting at the local government level with a focus on its importance for strategic management at the local government level. The original intention of introducing programme budgeting, which is clearly linked to performance management and results, was to improve strategic-oriented public management, in particular by focusing on objectives and using performance information as well as performance measures. Much more attention has recently been paid to the importance and use of performance information and performance measures. Based on case studies, the authors analyse the significance of the performance information provided in the newly established performance budgets of municipalities, while the findings were supplemented by a perception of the current situation in the form of semi-structured interviews with elected representatives of selected local governments. The results of the article seek to highlight the advantages of implementing this concept, the appropriate ways and obstacles often encountered, and important recommendations for improving its use, summarised on the basis of more than a decade of experience since the introduction of this budgetary innovation on the basis of legislation as mandatory budgetary policy instruments in Slovakia for all self-governing regions and local governments in municipalities with more than 2,000 inhabitants. This leads to the conclusion of whether PBB, among other approaches, is an option or a real necessity for today's economic challenges, but at the same time to the actual need for changes in the methodology of this strategic management tool at the local government level. © 2022 Andrea Čajková et al.
Habitat banking in its many iterations is an established and popular mechanism to deliver environmental offsets. The United States can look back at over 30 years of banking experience with the underlying framework and policies being consistently updated and improved. Given the increased demand in habitat banking, we provide insights into how bank area capacity is distributed across the United States for four different bank targets (wetlands, streams, multiple ecosystems, species) based on information extracted from the Regulatory In-lieu Fee and Bank Information Tracking System, as well as, estimating future capacities and area reserves through a predictive modeling approach based on data from the past 26 years. Future predictions indicate a decrease in available reserves for banks targeting wetlands or multiple ecosystems, with potential bottlenecks relating to large reserves being limited to the southeast and release schedules not catching up to the current and anticipated demand. Banks targeting species or streams are predicted to meet future demand, with species banks (conservation banks) following a different legislative and operational approach based on the listing of endangered species and pro-active approaches with anticipated future demand. Most current reserves for all four bank types are restricted to very few service areas with around one-third of all bank areas still awaiting release, limiting their availability on a broader scale. Strategic planning networks are necessary to meet future demand on a national scale and to identify areas suitable for banking or likely to experience future environmental or developmental stress. © 2022
Although top management teams use their human capital, social capital, and cognition (i.e., dynamic managerial capabilities) to drive strategic change in their firms, faultlines within these teams may dampen the strategic change that they produce. While boards can enable but also restrict these change efforts, we know little about how precisely a board's monitoring and advice-giving condition the impact of the top management team's dynamic managerial capabilities on strategic change. We clarify how intense monitoring and advice-giving affect strategic change when faultlines between the top management team's and board's dynamic managerial capabilities are more or less salient. We explain that intense monitoring further stifles both the breadth and speed of strategic change that can be accomplished, and that this is more pronounced when the faultlines between the two bodies are strong. Furthermore, we outline that intensive advice-giving can be beneficial in improving the breadth of strategic change, but more so when these faultlines are weak and less so when they are strong. Notably we illuminate that the reverse happens in terms of speed of strategic change: intensive advice-giving can be detrimental engendering a further dampening of strategic change speed which is more pronounced when these faultlines are strong but less when they are weak. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Enhancing racial justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion are the core values of public administration and critical to the functions of public-sector strategic human resources management. However, very limited empirical research has delved into the interracial differences in public sector employees’ turnover intentions and its mitigating factors. Using the 2006–2017 Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey data, the present study aims to contribute toward filling this gap in the literature. The theoretical arguments and empirical findings of this study show that when compared with White employees, Federal Black, Indigenous, and Employees of Color (BIEOC) are significantly more likely to intend to leave their current organizations. However, the likelihood of turnover intentions of Federal employees, particularly, BIEOC can be reduced through institutional interventions anchored in pro-diversity management (e.g., commitment to fostering a racially representative workforce), distributive justice in employment outcomes (e.g., in pay and promotions) and procedural justice in organizational processes (e.g., anti-discrimination practices). © The Author(s) 2021.
The idea that a firm’s degree of internationalization shapes its governance structure is a consequential phenomenon examined in strategic management and international business research. Sanders and Carpenter (Acad Manag J 41(2):158–178, 1998) was one of the first studies to comprehensively consider this phenomenon by finding that firms cope with the uncertainty of internationalization by granting CEOs higher and longer-term pay, constructing larger top management teams, constructing larger and more independent board of directors, and separating the CEO and chairman of the board positions. Given that firm governance structures have substantially changed over the past few decades, our study revisits these relationships by conducting a replication of Sanders and Carpenter (1998). Our results find general support for Sanders and Carpenter’s (1998) central premise that internationalization shapes firm governance structures but also highlight important non-findings that reflect how the internationalization-governance relationship has changed since their study. Based on the findings of our replication, we also extend Sanders and Carpenter’s (1998) framework and find that firms have more recently coped with the uncertainty of internationalization by hiring CEOs with international experience and hiring a more internationally diverse board of directors. We also provide insights on important boundary conditions of the non-replicated results in our study. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: In responding to competitors' strategic choices, firms must choose whether to allocate their customer relationship management (CRM) resources primarily to retaining existing customers or to acquiring new customers. To address this critical but understudied question, the authors examine the strategic choices of two competing firms between retention- and acquisition-focused strategies in consideration of switching costs, technological advancement level, and market share. Design/methodology/approach: The authors develop and analyze a game-theoretic model to investigate the strategic choices of two competing firms between retention- and acquisition-focused strategies. Findings: When switching costs are high, findings show that when the degree of technological advancement is high (low), both firms should employ acquisition-focused (retention-focused) strategies to maximize their profits. When switching costs are low and there are a low degree of technological advancement and asymmetric market shares, the firms choose retention-focused strategies in equilibrium, but only the firm with the higher market share can maximize its profit. When switching costs are low, technological advancement levels are high, and the market shares are asymmetric, the firm with the higher market share chooses a retention-focused CRM strategy, while the rival with lower market share adopts an acquisition-focused strategy in equilibrium. However, neither firm can maximize its profits. Originality/value: Prior research focused on a single firm's price discrimination decision without considering a competitor's strategic choice. To address this research gap, the authors examine where firms should assign their CRM resources (retention vs. acquisition) in response to a competitor's CRM strategy. This study provides guidance for optimal decision-making regarding a firm's CRM resource allocation in a duopoly market. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
As win-win solutions at the park level, eco-industrial parks (EIPs) have become the mainstream model to realize a sustainable transition of industrial parks in the world. However, few cases have been implemented in Africa, even though Africa is fertile ground for the growth of industrial parks. This study explores the transition process and outcome of a typical African industrial park—Hawassa Industrial Park (HIP) in Ethiopia. We adopted the international framework for EIPs and applied the strategic niche management (SNM) framework to uncover the transition performance and process. This study shows that HIP's development is a clear articulation of implementing the sustainable development strategy and the industrial park development corporation's role. However, the analysis also identified limitations such as the impracticability of certain framework criteria and inapplicable indicators. Although HIP is still at the nascent stages of EIP implementation, we have found three critical factors for EIP development in Ethiopia from our preliminary observation. These include the importance of actors, the learning process, and having standards for an indicator system. These indicators are of exceptional value to Ethiopian researchers and practitioners in integrating sustainability into local economic development. © 2022 by the International Society for Industrial Ecology.
Purpose: Supply chains (SCs) depend on interorganizational relationships (IORs) to function optimally, yet crises may lessen the knowledge flows therein. This paper aims to address this issue by proposing a mediation effect between knowledge generation and market orientation by crisis perception in SC. Design/methodology/approach: Partial least square structural equation modeling was used to test the hypotheses. Data collection comprised 279 full answers of business-to-business organizations in global SCs. Findings: The data provide evidence that, contrary to the extant literature, knowledge generation during a crisis in a SC does not mitigate crisis perception. In addition, findings suggest there are no significant differences between manufacturing and service SCs in sensemaking during crises and that during crises, SC links diminish cooperation in terms of knowledge generation and sharing and focus on individual performance. Originality/value: The authors have found a conflicting theoretical issue – while extant literature posits setting IORs lead to high sunk cost, making IOR channels costly and reliable for information flows during crises, the behavioral perspective posits that when crises hit, exogenous shocks induce inwards focus diminishing information flows. The results provide insights on this seemingly inconsistent scenario and point to future avenues of research. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Although from a philosophical perspective, many reflections can be brought up about the theorizing process, in this essay, we aim to reflect on the importance of the alignment between ontology and epistemology. This is particularly relevant because deeper discussions about the philosophical roots that underlay the theorizing processes remain as a lack in organizational and management studies. To support our work, we adopted the epistemic-ontological alignment model as a conceptual tool and the Resource-Based View (RBV) and some of its questionings as an example to carry out a reflection exercise about its epistemic-ontological alignment. RBV is a theory that plays a prominent role in management studies, especially in the strategy field. Nevertheless, discussions regarding RBV philosophical foundations are not common in the mainstream of strategic management. After our analysis, we advise that scholars care about the philosophical roots of their theoretical proposals to promote constructive dialogue in their research communities. This can avoid empty discussions and criticisms based on incongruous worldviews. Our reflections also suggest that future research should embrace the plurality of paradigms as a source of renewal and transcendence in the production of knowledge. A multi-paradigmatic movement towards more eclecticism in Administrative Science can help produce new and underexploited combinations of knowledge in the theorizing process. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
The importance of cultural ecosystem services (CES) for indigenous peoples is considered a key factor determining the effectiveness of conservation strategies in areas they inhabit. We conducted a study of the CES of the Maniq indigenous community in the rainforest of southern Thailand to determine the degree to which they depend on CES using single and group interviews and field observations. We established the Maniq rely on and engage with 11 CES in their daily lives: rituals, beliefs, myths and stories, aesthetics, spiritual values, language, wisdom, knowledge and transmission, inspirations, social relationships, and recreation. Understanding of the values attributed to these CES is essential for government environmental policies to effectively manage the ecosystem while respecting Maniq local ecological knowledge (LEK) and ethnic and cultural identity. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Humility is increasingly recognized as an essential attribute for individuals at top management levels to build successful organizations. However, research on CEO humility has focused on how humble chief executive officers (CEOs) shape collective perceptions through their interactions and behaviors with other organizational members while overlooking CEOs’ critical role in making strategic decisions. We address this unexplored aspect of CEO humility by proposing that humble CEOs influence decision-making decentralization at the top management team (TMT) and subsequently promote an organizational ethical culture. Using a sample of CEOs and TMT members from 120 small- and medium-sized enterprises, we find strong support for our hypotheses. We discuss important implications for research on CEO humility and strategic leadership. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
This study analyzes the success of implementing a conservation village in obtaining environmental support in forest management in the Bukit Barisan National Park. This research uses a qualitative case study method, reinforced by a desk review of relevant research literature. Interviews and focus group discussions were conducted to gain a deeper understanding of how successful policy implementation was Conservation Village in economic and conservation-based community empowerment in the TNBBS area. The success of policy implementation is reviewed by analysis of marketing policies and further analysis using a matrix of environmental reactions to policy implementation. The study results indicate that marketing policies in terms of policy acceptance and adoption have failed/successful and in terms of strategic readiness, successful with the establishment of a conservation task force tasked with managing and monitoring forest products and implementing this conservation village agreement. The community is an important part of the policy. The village government fully supports being the implementer of the policy. It is manifested in the form of providing access and facilities and for NGOs to provide full support through the provision of budgetary resources and facilitators for training and counseling related to building awareness to save forests. © 2022 WITPress. All rights reserved.
Ecosystem services provided by lowland British floodplains respectively under semi-natural conditions and converted for intensive maize production were assessed. Floodplains across lowland Britain have been extensively disconnected from river channels, depleting habitat for wildlife and other beneficial ecosystem services. Conservation measures are often regarded as costly constraints on economic and development freedoms whilst, conversely, conversion for intensive agricultural production is rewarded by markets despite many often-overlooked externalities. Maize growing has increased in Britain since the 1970s, initially for feedlot production of livestock and now increasingly for grant-aided biofuel production for anaerobic digestion. Comparative literature-based ecosystem service assessments using the RAWES (Rapid Assessment of Wetland Ecosystem Services) approach reveal that lowland British floodplains in semi-natural condition provide a wider range of provisioning services than those converted for monocultural intensive production of maize, in addition to a diversity of regulating, cultural and supporting service benefits that are lost or transformed into disservices when floodplains are converted for intensive maize growth. Benefits and disbenefits of floodplains managed under the two scenarios (semi-natural versus monocultural maize) are presented graphically as an intuitive means to support decision-makers. Monetisation of benefits would be risky, not merely due to uncertainties but as this may skew conclusions and subsequent decision-making towards maximisation of marketed or near-market services, consequently misrepresenting the diversity of values of whole socioecological floodplain systems. Management solutions protective of the societal values provided by floodplain ecosystem may include buffer zoning as a mitigation measure, but a more strategic solution may be zonation of land use based on suitability not only for crop production but recognising the full spectrum of societally beneficial ecosystem services demonstrated by RAWES assessment. A variety of drivers for a changing approach to floodplain farming – statutory, fiscal and self-beneficial – are highlighted, and are generically applicable beyond Britain with context-specific modification. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The role of seaports has evolved from being simple sea/land interfaces to becoming increasingly value-adding entities in global supply chains. A port that is today at the forefront of this trend is characterized as a fifth generation (5G) port, a “smart port” or, more recently, a Port 4.0. These characterisations, introduced by Maritime Studies literature, are closely equivalent to the business model concept developed by the Strategic Management literature in the last decades. This research paper inquires on the influence that Industry 4.0 technologies might have on the adoption of more sophisticated business models by seaports, and the mechanisms through which this influence is driven: in particular the role that technology push and market pull mechanisms might play. To this end, it develops a conceptual model that aims to provide an explanation of the relationship between the adoption of Industry 4.0 technologies and the evolution of seaports' business models. This model is then evaluated against an exploratory case study on the port of Barcelona. Finally, the paper explores what would “smartness” mean in a seaport context. © 2022 The Authors
A longstanding debate in the strategic decision-making literature has focused on whether top management teams (TMTs) can effectively balance speed and comprehensiveness when making important decisions. In our research, we build on early insights and pivot from considering whether TMTs can engage indecision-making that balances these tensions to focus instead on when certain types of TMTs are able to achieve such balance. We employ a novel configurational analytical approach and a theoretical framework built from role theory to examine the CEO-TMT interface in a new way. In so doing, we are able to identify specific CEO-TMT constellations that support decision-making that is both fast and rigorous. Using a unique primary dataset and an abductive, configurational approach grounded in fuzzy set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA), we identify six specific leader-team configurations that each facilitate decision processes characterized by rigorous intra-team debate, meaningful reconciliation of divergent ideas, and fast decision speed (which we describe as strategic decision-making balance). The range of CEO-TMT configurations that emerge from our analyses contribute new theory and findings for the strategic decision-making and interface literatures more broadly, as well as the specific research streams on executive gender, humility, and TMT structure. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Human modification and habitat fragmentation significantly impact large carnivores requiring large, connected habitats to persist in a landscape. Understanding species responses to such change and the protection of critical areas and connectivity they provide is essential when planning effective conservation strategies. Our study examines the spatial distribution of the snow leopard (Panthera uncia) across a gradient of protection status, anthropogenic pressures and habitat types in the Gangotri landscape (~4600 km2), Western Himalaya. Using spatial capture-recapture modeling, we analyzed a 4-year camera trapping dataset (2015–2019) to assess the relationship between snow leopard movement and topography and identified the conducible areas for facilitating movement across the landscape. Snow leopard density was positively associated with elevation and slope, and was higher in protected areas (summer: 1.42 SE 0.02/100km2; winter 2.15 SE 0.03 vs. summer: 0.4 SE 0.01; winter: 0.6 SE 0.01 for unprotected areas). Precipitous terrain and several prominent mountain peaks were found to be resistant to snow leopard movement. Even with a range of human activities inside protected areas, the higher density suggests a positive impact of protection. Density-weighted connectivity showed that conducible areas are available between the Gangotri landscape and the adjacent protected areas. However, compared to protected area, these areas are relatively less used and require attention for management. We recommend regulating human activities and co-managing pastures with local communities to revive prey base outside protected areas, especially in corridors, to ensure such areas are functionally conducive. Our study provides a framework to collectively quantitate the spatial pattern of abundance, distribution and connectivity. Our approach has broad applicability for policymakers to develop strategic plans for balancing the conservation of species, and other land uses in a multiuse landscape. © 2021 The Zoological Society of London.
Climate change and its potentially harmful effects on agricultural production, income, and subsistence might change the incentive and capability of the population to remain in rural areas or to migrate to urban locations. Using census micro-data in combination with high-resolution climate information, we explore the impacts of climate change on rural–urban migration in the Brazilian Northeast region. Results from a gravity model estimation reveal that the climate–migration relationship depends on the agricultural income levels of rural origin areas and the educational attainment of the rural population. Specifically, our results indicate that the intensification of climate adversities may have contributed to boosting migration from rural areas with lower socioeconomic vulnerability. In contrast, in the most deprived rural areas, harmful climate effects may have resulted in the reduction of this type of migration flow. Nevertheless, our findings suggest that education might attenuate the suppressing effects of adverse climate conditions on migration in highly vulnerable rural areas, suggesting a viable pathway to overcome mobility constraints. Our findings emphasize the complexity of climate–migration linkages and conclude that the debate on climate change and migration should no longer consider that climate change invariably results in migration, but also should investigate who is able to implement and take advantage of migration as an adaptation strategy. Policies to address issues related to climate-induced migration must focus on both facilitating migration and assisting vulnerable segments of the population who remain in place, as the less-educated rural population whose livelihoods depend on the agricultural activity. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: This study aims to examine the impact of sponsors and democratic government on the flipping activity of initial public offerings (IPOs). Design/methodology/approach: Based on the sample of 95 IPOs listed on the Pakistan Stock Exchange between January 2000 and December 2019, this study used multiple cross-sectional regression to examine the relationship between sponsors and democratic government on flipping activity. Findings: The findings indicate a significant negative association between sponsors and the flipping activity of IPOs. Sponsor(s) signal quality by trying to share accurate information about company values. As a result, the confidence of rational investors in the company’s future prospectus increases and they hold their shares for future gains, which reduces the flipping activity. Also, democratic government, along with sponsors' participation, provides investors with liquidity immediately after listing. Practical limitations/implications: The findings of this study have implications for investors as they may assist them make informed decisions about whether or not to invest in an IPO with high sponsor(s) ownership. In addition, issuers should consider the disclosure of sponsor information(s) as such information may directly affect the first day’s trading volumes. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first research study that explores the correlation between sponsors and democratic government and flipping activity of IPO. This study is important for investors and issuers. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Urban biodiversity is now recognized as playing a critical role in supporting global biodiversity. However, it is important to note that biodiversity is a systematic and holistic concept and prior studies have not generally focused on cross-border or multi-scale management problems. On one hand, the ecosystems of cities are interconnected with adjacent cities by natural landscapes, so they are like mosaics instead of being isolated. Urban biodiversity research demands the consideration of the continuity within an ecosystem. On the other hand, both active protection and passive restoration strategies for urban biodiversity should not only be developed by researchers or municipal government agencies, but more importantly, they should consider the real ecosystem management problems faced by multi-scale departments in order to build a practicable Pressure-State-Response (PSR) model. The solutions for these issues should be included in the analysis to form a complete and more effective urban biodiversity strategy. The study in this paper offers an answer to whether different scales of cities or districts should adopt the same biodiversity strategy; and therefore, the decision depends on whether the places are of the same importance to the global or regional ecosystem, or whether the ecological elements are connected to the adjacent cities/districts and the problems that multiple stakeholders care about. © 2022, Editorial office of Journal of Resources and Ecology. All rights reserved.
The energy transition of Dutch shipping is a complex gradual process due to the variety in vessels, cost and lifetime of assets, uncertainty, additional costs of climate-neutral alternatives and required regulatory changes. This paper aims to create a holistic overview of both the transition barriers and enablers. A focus is placed on the significance of pilot projects. Using the socio-technical multi-level perspective as a framework, literature on lock-in mechanisms, strategic niche management, transition pathways, and shipping specific aspects was evaluated as a starting point for determining the shipping specific barriers. Semi-structured interviews with industry experts were used to further develop the overview of the barriers and add the required enablers. Thereafter, three case studies were conducted for additional detail, context and reflection on the theory, barriers and enablers provided by experts and literature. Pilot projects can reduce any market entry barrier for a certain vessel and operational area. These barriers can originate from interdependency, costs, uncertainty, the required assets, regulations and mindset. Pilots can significantly reduce the additional costs of climate-neutral sailing by tens of per cent, improving the market potential and creating opportunities for follow-ups, scale-ups and spin-offs. Furthermore, pilots can develop clear climate-neutral sailing practices, the new 'ways of doing', which articulates expectations and visions on a future climate-neutral cluster which makes investments less risky. It has therefore been demonstrated that subsidizing pilot projects through local governments can become a key enabler for shipping, since the global nature and complex governance structure make it difficult to initiate and accelerate the transition in other ways. © 2022 World Conference on Transport Research Society
While the construction industry has brought substantial economic benefits to society, it has also generated substantial construction and demolition waste (CDW). Illegal dumping, which refers to dumping CDW in an unauthorized non-filling location, has become widespread in many countries and regions. Illegally dumping CDW destroys the environment, causing groundwater pollution and forest fires and causing significant economic impacts. However, there is a lack of research on the decision-making behaviours and logical rules of the main participants, construction contractors and the government in the illegal CDW dumping process. This paper constructs an evolutionary game model on a small-world network considering government supervision to portray the decision-making behaviours of illegal dumping participants and conducts a numerical simulation based on empirical equations to propose an effective supervision strategy for the government to manage illegal CDW dumping efficiently. It is found that the illegal dumping behaviours of contractors are mainly affected by the intensity of government supervision, the cost of fines and the income of illegal dumping; while for government, a supervision strategy is found to be necessary, and a supervision intensity of approximately 0.7 is the optimal supervision probability given supervision efficiency. Notably, under a low-level supervision probability, increasing the penalty alone does not curb illegal dumping, and a certain degree of supervision must be maintained. The results show that in addition to setting fines for illegal dumping, the government must enforce a certain level of supervision and purify the market environment to steadily reduce illegal dumping. © The Author(s) 2021.
In order to improve the motion range of mobile welding robot, energy management strategy of fuel cell hybrid power system were studied, which involves energy economy optimization and comprehensive performance improvement. The energy management strategy adopts hierarchical optimization control. Inner layer realizes power distribution and energy optimization, using the maximum power point tracking control (MPPT) based on hybrid algorithm and an improved equivalent consumption minimization strategy (ECMS) to optimize the output power distribution. MPPT allows fuel cell to output maximum power stably and maximize the fuel cell utilization. The improved ECMS optimizes the equivalence factor by fuzzy logic control to increase the calculation accuracy. This strategy improves the economy of system energy consumption. The outer layer uses state machine control to switch the control strategy according to the operating state of the system. When the SOC of the battery is lower than the set threshold, MPPT control is used. And when the SOC is higher than the set threshold, ECMS is used. Experimental results show that the rationality of PEMFC output power and battery charge-discharge has been improved, and the economy of hybrid power system has also been improved. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Focusing on inter-organizational information sharing in criminal justice, it is found that, while poor project management leads to unsuccessful inter-organizational information sharing, a recipe for success is more demanding as it requires both compatible technologies and good project management implemented either by means of a top-down approach of strategic alignment or an emergent approach of bottom-up alignment. Though unplanned, the latter approach may lead to mistakes that are more correctable than the large mistakes stemming from top-down, deliberate planning. The study is an analysis of context-mechanism-outcome configurations of inter-organizational information sharing activities within criminal justice systems and demonstrates the causal asymmetry between positive and negative cases. Theoretical, methodological, and practical implications are discussed by highlighting the causal role of different types of governance structure in a crisp set configurational fashion. © Association for Information Technology Trust 2021.
This study adopts an exploratory sequential mixed method approach to examine perceptions of Hong Kong travel agencies on factors influencing recommendation of Kenya travel products. First, we conducted 32 in-depth interviews with outbound travel practitioners to collect qualitative exploratory data. Based on 39 identified attributes, we then developed a questionnaire well-adapted to the outbound travel practitioners and study purpose. With survey data of 239 travel agency practitioners, we then conducted an importance–performance analysis to rate and analyze six identified factors: Catering and Ancillary Services, Shopping, Tourist Transport Provision and Infrastructure, Hotel Accommodation, Institutional Support, and Destination Image. The results suggest that in a resource-constrained situation, priority should be given to enhancing Tourist Transport Provision and Infrastructure. This article provides a starting point for further research on strategic tourism marketing and management within the underresearched Asia–Africa nexus. © The Author(s) 2021.
Supply Chain Management (SCM) is one of the key aspects of making agriculture sector more competitive in India. India and other developing countries arefacing issues for coordination of their Agriculture Food Supply Chain Management (AFSCM) as not having technical and resources support; especially in natural disaster condition like recent COVID-19 outbreak. The purpose of this research is to develop anInternet of Things (IoT) based efficient and supportive coordinating system for enhancing the coordinating mechanism in AFSC under natural outbreaks. With the help of a literature review and experts’ inputs, seven enablers have been identified by grouping thirty sub enablers. Further, ISM methodology has been employed for developing a framework for enablers’ relationships to improve the coordination in the AFSC for taking strategic and operational decisions. After that, DEMATELtechnique is utilised to develop the causal and effectrelationships between all the identified enablers of a coordination system in IoT based AFSC. It has been noticed that‘Top Management Support (TMS)’ is the main driver by MICMAC analysis and categorised in a cause group based on (R-C) value. Further, the coordination index of the entire model is calculated based on the Cleveland theory. This paper also discussed a case study of the sugar mill industry. This paper also discussed stakeholder theory in developing IoT based coordination system of AFSC. Further, theoretical contribution may also guide the managers of the organisation in developing their strategies by using Strengths-Weaknesses-Opportunities-Threats (SWOT) analysis based on Cleveland index. © 2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
As China’s ecological civilization gains momentum and the ecological development of the ‘Yangtze River Economic Belt’ strategy pushes for-ward, the research on water environment protection and management in Wuhan Metropolitan Area (the central urban agglomeration) is of great significance. According to the data of the industrial wastewater discharge in the nine cities of the Wuhan Metropolitan Area from 2005 to 2015, the study will construct a decomposition model to analyze the pattern of the discharge with reference to the Kaya identity and the LMDI decomposition model. By doing so, the pattern and driving factors of industrial wastewater discharge can be cleared. The following conclusions on the industrial wastewater discharge of the Wuhan Metropolitan Area can be achieved. Firstly, industrial wastewater discharge in the Wuhan Metropolitan Area shows a decreasing trend year by year (684 million tons to 433 million tons) from 2005 to 2010, but rises sharply (504 million tons to 652 million tons) from 2010 to 2011, reaching a peak in 2011. After that, it witnesses a quick and stable drop. Secondly, the absolute differences in industrial wastewater discharge among cities are continuously narrowed, in which Wuhan (the highest value is 260 million tons, the lowest value is 155 million tons) and Ezhou (the highest value is 181 million tons, the lowest value is 0.25 million tons) show the most striking abnormal statistics. Thirdly, the discharge follows the trend of expansion from Wuhan as a center to its neighbor-ing cities from 2005 to 2015. For spatial pattern, it presents a picture of decreasing from the center to the surrounding. Lastly, for all driving factors affecting the discharge, the contribution of economic growth is always positive, which can increase the discharge greatly (the average annual contribution reaches 0.64 billion m3). The population size has little effect. The industrial structure has an uncertain influence on it since it is decided by government policies. The influence of technological improvement is negative, which can control the discharge a lot. In the last part of this essay, the research will explore the ways to promote the saving and discharge reduction of industrial wastewater for future potential metropolitan areas, thus providing a reference for macro water environment protection and governance in the Yangtze River Basin and other regional urban areas. © 2022 The Authors.
Expatriate is one of the potential sources of knowledge for firms to increase their capability in creating innovation. Currently, Indonesia has a relatively small number of expatriates but the figure tends to increase overtime. This country has experienced a changing nature of expatriation that brings consequences to several conditions for the achievement of successful knowledge transfer (KT) from expatriates to local employee in Indonesian local firms. This paper proposes a new concept namely Knowledge Transfer Readiness (KTR) which is beneficial in helping the firms to deal with the changing nature. Combining grounded research and multiple case studies to apply this concept to the Indonesian local firms, it is argued that not all of the elements in KTR’s dimensions must be fulfilled in excellent conditions. Weak elements from the source’s side can be surmounted by fulfilling excellent condition of recipient’s side, and vice versa. Nevertheless, there are elements that must be fulfilled in excellent condition of both sides, or becomes absolute requirements solely for the expatriates. The fulfillment of KTR’s elements influences the relationship qualities between expatriates and local employees to achieve Knowledge Transfer Quality (KTQ). The KTQ includes the amount and the accuracy of knowledge and depth of understanding, so it can be a new option of qualitative indicator to measure the success of KT. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Based on a media analysis and a manager survey, we investigate past and intended future strategies of farm supply and grain marketing businesses in Germany. Alliances, diversification and organic growth were among the most popular past strategies and, according to the participants, will be in the future. Nevertheless, the trend towards divestment and fewer locations for grain collection will continue. Large, investor-owned firms prefer a combination of capital-intensive strategies, cooperatives and small and medium-sized enterprises plan to adopt fewer strategies. We outline several potential implications and areas for further research. © The Author(s) 2021.
Public managers strategically use resources to smooth out cash receipts and disbursements. As a cash flow management tool, managers can use interfund transfers, which are flows of assets without equivalent return flows and without repayment. This study asserts that managerial professionalism, in the form of a full-time finance director, drives the likelihood of interfund transfers. Using 2010–2017 data from Georgia counties, hurdle model results indicate that full-time finance directors are more likely to use interfund transfers and increase their level. This finding demonstrates the role of financial management expertise in increasing the strategic options available to manage cash flows. Applications for Practice Local governments with a full-time finance director use more interfund transfers as one working capital management strategy to manage cash flows. Results from this study provide a justification for local governments to hire a full-time finance director to improve the array of financial management strategies accessed. Local governments that increase tax base diversity have reduced engagement for General fund interfund transfers in, while higher levels of reported cash generate larger amounts of transfer activity. © 2021 Public Financial Publications, Inc.
Recent developments, such as climate change, demographic change and resource scarcity, have forced companies to turn towards more sustainable resources, processes and products. Thus, their business models should be developed in a way that meets social, ecological and economic challenges. A vital part of this development process is the evaluation of business models against the background of sustainability targets during different phases of this process. This paper addresses the, thus far, largely neglected sustainability-related strategic evaluation in the earlier phases of business model development. Based on a sustainability-related canvas approach and concepts from strategic management theory, it suggests a method for sustainability-related strategic evaluation of business models as well as business model ideas and options. Therefore, a procedure for evaluation is presented and five main criteria are developed that should be taken into account: eligibility to create stakeholder’s benefit, market attractiveness, heterogeneity/singularity, permanence and eligibility to generate sustainability-oriented value. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This study investigates the Covid-19 driven indiscriminate disposal of PPE wastes (mostly face mask and medical wastes) in Chittagong metropolitan area (CMA), Bangladesh. Based on the field monitoring, the mean PPE density (PPE/m2± SD) was calculated to be 0.0226 ± 0.0145, 0.0164 ± 0.0122, and 0.0110 ± 0.00863 for July, August, and September 2021, respectively (during the peak time of Covid-19 in Bangladesh). Moreover, gross information on PPE waste generation in the city was calculated using several parameters such as population density, face mask acceptance rate by urban population, total Covid-19 confirmed cases, quarantined and isolated patients, corresponding medical waste generation rate (kg/bed/day), etc. Moreover, the waste generated due to face mask and other PPEs in the CMA during the whole Covid-19 period (April 4, 2020 to September 5, 2021) were calculated to be 64183.03 and 128695.75 tons, respectively. It has been observed that the negligence of general people, lack of awareness about environmental pollution, and poor municipal waste management practices are the root causes for the contamination of the dwelling environment by PPE wastes. As a result, new challenges have emerged in solid waste management, which necessitates the development of an appropriate waste management strategy. The ultimate policies and strategies may help to achieve the SDG goals 3, 6, 11, 12, 13, and 15, and increase public perception on the use and subsequent disposal of PPEs, especially face masks. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
One of the key elements to consider in business management is the management of IT (In-formation Technology) departments by implementing processes as described in the ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) standard. This is particularly important in industries that are not directly related to ICT (Information and Communication Technologies), such as the tourism industry. In this paper, we present a methodology to sequence the implementation of the ITIL processes in any company to support its development. The methodology is based on an optimization algorithm and the information extracted from a survey. The optimal sequence is built from this information and from the information of the restrictions imposed by the company that implements the ITIL processes. We applied the methodology to a company in the tourism industry. The sequence obtained shows the need to implement operative processes (initial positions in the sequence), and afterwards strategic processes (final positions in the sequence). A comparison with other authors’ proposals shows differences in the order of processes proposed by this methodology. The main conclusion is that it is possible to use the information of companies to efficiently generate an optimal sequence of ITIL processes which enhances their management; this sequence is unique for every company that wants to implement ITIL in the tourism industry, and it is independent from the proposals of other authors who designed generic/non-optimal sequences. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Due to increasingly serious environmental pollution problems and governments’ strengthening of environmental impact supervision, manufacturing companies are seeking green production methods, implementing carbon trading systems, and promoting the trend towards green remanufacturing. Thus, this paper introduces green factors to the existing closed-loop supply chain network models and studies the impact of carbon trading, green innovation efforts, and green consumers on the choice between two remanufacturing strategies: an in-house remanufacturing strategy and an authorized remanufacturing strategy. The results concerning the choice of the remanufacturing strategy are as follows: from the perspective of obtaining more profits, when the carbon trading price is low, the companies choose the authorized remanufacturing strategy; when the carbon trading price is high, the companies choose to remanufacture by themselves. For all the green innovation efforts and the proportions of green consumers, when the recovery rate of the used product is low, the companies choose to remanufacture by themselves; when the recovery rate of the used product is high, the companies choose the authorized remanufacturing strategy. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
With the increasing separation of the of the roles of the CEO and Chairperson, the interplay between them has been attracting considerable interest in both communities of scholarlship and practice. We examine the ways in which the work relationships between these two supreme executive functions may help in developing organizational processes and outcomes. In so doing, we shift the discussion from a corporate governance lens to examining how micro-level mechanisms, which are rooted in individual actions and interactions involving behavioral, cognitive and emotional mechanisms, may help cultivate higher-level processes and outcomes. Using a qualitative methodology in which pairs of Chairpersons and CEOs were interviewed, we developed a conceptual model which specifies how the nature of Chairperson-CEO work relationships may be conducive to cultivating organizational capabilities of knowledge creation and cultivate collective resilience, through the shaping of a supportive organizational communication climate. In so doing, we extended a micro-foundation framework by advancing a micro-relational lens to the corporate governance research and theory and more broadly to the literature on strategic leadership. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Development cooperation plays an important role in helping aid recipient countries follow low carbon development pathways. Although the nature of cooperation varies across donors and recipients, intentions of renewable energy technology diffusion and structural changes are common for projects in the energy sector. Aid projects promoting renewable energy in developing countries are seldom assessed through econometric methods as the varieties and differences across projects and countries limit generalization. This paper attempts to explore how cumulative number of renewable energy aid projects enhances generation capacity in recipient countries. Using fixed-effect models on such type of projects from 2000 to 2013, we examine the effects of cumulative energy aid project numbers and other control variables on the yearly changes in generation capacity. A positive and statistically significant relationship was found suggesting cumulative learning effect from implemented projects. Presence of host country policies was also found to be important for growth in capacity. Findings of this study adds to the debate of whether density of energy aid projects leads to donor competition or greater fragmentation. Insights from this study can also improve aid providers’ strategy for interventions in the energy sector of recipient countries. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Nascent research suggests that benefits of intuition use accrue not only to individuals but also to teams. These benefits may be especially important for top management teams (TMTs), who formulate strategic decisions for their firms. However, work on intuition use in strategic decision making (SDM) remains focused on the intuitions of chief executive officers (CEOs). Furthermore, the emerging literature on team intuition is very fragmented, leaving an unclear picture of how teams may develop and use intuition in their decision-making activities. To address these problems, we integrate team intuition and TMT research to propose four forms of TMT intuition, which differ based on the locus and integration of intuition. We describe the forms of TMT intuition, clarify the mechanisms that shape them, and discuss their relevance for TMTs' decision-making activities. Overall, we advocate for strategy research that focuses on the notion of “team” in team intuition. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Rare earths oxide concentrates are today considered critical for the technology industry. Its extraction and processing are mainly concentrated in China, Australia and the United States and its commercial price is on the rise. Chile has untapped rare earths resources and mining tailings that contain them, unprocessed. This paper investigates whether the current mining regulatory framework in Chile covers the exploration, exploitation and benefit of rare earth elements and their local processing; and if the answer is negative, what incentives could —then— promote rare earth mining in an economically efficient and environmentally sustainable way. As for methodology, the research examines —in the first place— the particularities of rare earths; to then contrast them with the regulation of traditional Chilean mining and experiences abroad; finally, identify barriers and propose legal-economic stimuli that could make the mining of them possible and contribute to its value chain through local processing. The paper advances the need to constitutionally address rare earth domain better; and that the current legal framework for granting mineral substances does not reflect the peculiarities of their elements. It also furthers that the appropriate regime for rare earth mining concessions must weigh their strategic and economic value, including the environmental factor. Furthermore, it advances that —for the development and management of projects for the exploration, exploitation, benefit and local processing of that kind of earth— it is essential to promote strategic industrial research and the formation of human capital, design financing schemes (risk capital, subsidies, reserve funds, taxation) and privilege public-private partnership forms. The research is relevant since it promotes a regulatory framework that stimulates rare earth mining, capable of giving Chile a real opportunity to temporize its mining, diversifying it with the exploitation of strategic products of growing global demand; and introducing efficient technologies that recover economic value from waste processing, while reducing the environmental liabilities of mining activity. © 2022. All Rights Reserved.
In order to support European-wide transition of heating systems, it is useful to categorise the types of transitions that are necessary. Coherent actions are needed at (supra-)national level to support transition aligned with the energy efficiency first principle and long-term development of a smart energy system. Owing to the decentralised nature of heating, transition must also reflect particular local circumstances. This article uses commonalities between countries to create a representative typology, which can suggest appropriate policies for transition. Following the energy efficiency first principle, transition should include supply-side and demand-side efficiency to ensure coherency and efficient use of resources. Their comparative analysis supports implementing the energy efficiency first principle locally, and a more coherent European strategy for the heating sector. Methodologically, 14 national heating strategies are considered which include current and future energy system developments, demand- and supply side energy efficiency, hectare-level thermal mapping and energy system analysis. Four heat sector types are proposed and discussed. These are (1) extant heat planning traditions, aiming for more efficiency and integration; (2) extant heating infrastructure, aiming to refurbish and upgrade both building stock and existing heating infrastructure; (3) existing gas infrastructure, requiring radical transition; (4) and those without strong historic heat planning traditions. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
• Management interventions for addressing invading annual grasses and encroaching conifers and their effects on fire dynamics in the sagebrush ecosystem are largely reactive. • Reactive management limits tools for promoting long-term ecosystem resilience on a fire-prone landscape. • We propose an integrated fire management approach in which all management activities before, during, and after wildfire are synergistic and improve long-term ecosystem response to fire. • Harney County Wildfire Collaborative is adapting the Potential Operational Delineations (PODs) framework to improve fire outcomes and promote values at risk in the Stinkingwater Mountains pilot project area. • The PODs framework serves to promote a broader geographic strategy for addressing the underlying causes of frequent and severe wildfires in the sagebrush ecosystem. © 2022
This study provides empirical proof that the positive impact of high accrual quality is the ability to accurately predict the future return with a positive sign. In the capital market, better prospects are commonly indicated by regularly and routinely implementing a high-yield dividend policy. This study uses dividend policy as a moderated multiple regression, which plays a critical role in achieving a high obedience to accounting standards. The causal research involved 154 of the companies listed on the Indonesia Capital Market and 384 observations in the industrial manufacturing sector for 2015–2020. By mulling over the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, and predicting the future market using zero growth with no assumed growth in the future, this empirical study shows that dividend policy is critical when minimizing opportunity behavior. This research provides a mapping of the decision tree model as an implication of game theory because of the interactive feedback between the earning quality and future market value. A sign such as “good” news significantly stimulates the perception of optimistic investors, with no negative manipulation and accruals. It paves the way for investors to strictly control and monitor strategic decisions to obtain significant improvement in prospects. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A superficial attitude in football insists on blaming head coaches when games are lost. Con-troversially, however, whereas decision-makers in professional football clubs claim to seek successful outcomes on the pitch, they often favor questionable judgements that affect their organizational sustainability by recycling coaches without substantial analyses. Albeit scholars have stressed potential causes and consequences of coaching turnovers, specific knowledge is needed around the recruitment and dismissal steps faced by professional coaches, and to what extent their experiences mirror the theoretical background of human resource management in sport. This study poses the following research question: how do football clubs actually handle coaching recruitment and dismissal processes? Qualitative, semi-structured interviews were conducted with 26 elite coaches from Brazil, who had collectively been employed by all 43 clubs that participated in the Brasileirão from 2003 to 2020. Based on a deductive-inductive approach, the content analysis framed two categories (recruitment and dismissal stages) with three main themes (methods, decision-makers, and decision-making), which were sustained by specific subthemes. The results suggest how the recruitment, assessment, and replacement of head coaches neglect both a strategic and a sustainable rationale towards human resource management in Brazil’s elite football. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic has come across as an exogenous shock to the firms and their supply chains. It has led firms to rethink and rework their existing robust and resilient supply chains. The purpose of this study is to move beyond robustness and resilience and shift to an antifragile supply chain that sees disorder as an opportunity to learn and grow. In this study, various factors to attain an antifragile supply chain have been identified through literature review and experts’ opinions. Using TISM-MICMAC, structural relationships among these factors have been developed, and, then the factors have been classified as drivers or dependents. The study reveals the importance of having proactive top management as a major driving power to build an antifragile supply chain. Development of a strategy for collaboration and innovation, development of a skilled workforce for technology adoption, and resource allocation for digitalization are some other factors with strong driving power. The novelty of the study lies in its effort to drive the attention of researchers and practitioners towards thinking beyond robustness and resilience and shifting towards antifragility. The study will help firms in strategic decision-making for the adoption of additive manufacturing technology to develop antifragility in the supply chain and save itself from negative consequences in the face of disruption. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
In this paper, we aim to bridge the micro-macro divide by addressing continued calls from strategic leadership and affect researchers to examine the black box to consider how CEO characteristics relate to top management team (TMT) affective experiences, and, in turn firm outcomes. We further consider the role of one key contextual factor in this relationship: TMT heterogeneity. We predict that CEO personality, specifically, emotional stability, is positively associated with TMT affective tone. Moreover, we posit that the relationship between TMT affective tone and firm performance depends on TMT task-related heterogeneity, such that positive affective tone benefits firm performance in heterogeneous TMTs, whereas negative affective tone benefits firm performance in homogeneous TMTs. Using a novel methodology that measures key psychological aspects of the CEO and TMT, we examined 50 TMTs from publicly-traded companies to test our predictions. Our findings offer theoretical contributions to the strategic leadership, affect and diversity literatures as well as managerial applications for CEO selection and management and managing diversity in upper echelons. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
Purpose: While several warehouses are now technologically equipped and smart, the implementation of real-time analytics in warehouse operations is scarcely reported in the literature. This study aims to develop a practical system for real-time analytics of process monitoring in an internet-of-things (IoT)-enabled smart warehouse environment. Design/methodology/approach: A modified system development research process was used to carry out this research. A prototype system was developed that mimicked a case company’s actual warehouse operations in Indonesia’s manufacturing companies. The proposed system relied heavily on the utilization of IoT technologies, wireless internet connection and web services to keep track of the product movement to provide real-time access to critical warehousing activities, helping make better, faster and more informed decisions. Findings: The proposed system in the presented case company increased real-time warehousing processes visibility for stakeholders at different management levels in their most convenient ways by developing visual representation to display crucial information. The numerical or textual data were converted into graphics for ease of understanding for stakeholders, including field operators. The key elements for the feasible implementation of the proposed model in an industrial area were discussed. They are strategic-level components, IoT-enabled warehouse environments, customized middleware settings, real-time processing software and visual dashboard configuration. Research limitations/implications: While this study shows a prototype-based implementation of actual warehouse operations in one of Indonesia’s manufacturing companies, the architectural requirements are applicable and extensible by other companies. In this sense, the research offers significant economic advantages by using customized middleware to avoid unnecessary waste brought by the off-the-shelves generic middleware, which is not entirely suitable for system development. Originality/value: This research’s finding contributes to filling the gap in the limited body of knowledge of real-time analytics implementation in warehousing operations. This should encourage other researchers to enhance and develop the devised elements to enrich smart warehousing’s theoretical knowledge. Besides, the successful proof-of-concept implementation reported in this research would allow other companies to gain valuable insights and experiences. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Background: The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has demonstrated the importance of implementing strategic management that prioritizes the safety of frontline nurse professionals. In this sense, this research was aimed at identifying factors associated with the illness of nursing professionals caused by COVID-19 according to socio-demographic, clinical, and labor variables. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in three Brazilian university hospitals with 859 nursing professionals, which include nurses, technicians, and nursing assistants, between November 2020 and February 2021. We present data using absolute and relative frequency. We used Chi-square test for hypothesis testing and multiple logistic regression for predictive analysis and chances of occurrence. Results: The rate of nursing professionals affected by COVID-19 was 41.8%, and the factors associated with contamination were the number of people in the same household with COVID-19 and obesity. Being a nurse was a protective factor when the entire nursing team was considered. The model is significant, and its variables represent 56.61% of the occurrence of COVID-19 in nursing professionals. Conclusion: Obesity and living in the same household as other people affected by COVID-19 increases the risk of contamination by this new coronavirus. © 2022 Occupational Safety and Health Research Institute
The period of high expectations of digital transformation benefits is followed by a period of discussion on strategies and methods for managing digital changes. Not only the rapid development of technology, but also the turbulence of the external environment contribute to the view that traditional approaches to strategic management of the company are irrelevant. Understanding the need to modify classic strategic management methods actualises the task of developing new methodological fundamentals for strategic management. The initial stage of solving this problem is the analysis of the current state of research in this area. This study analyses the Russian research community viewpoints on the prospects of companies' strategic management regarding the digital economy status quo and trends in Russia. This paper answers the following research questions. What impact does the digital economy environment of Russian companies have on their management systems and what are the prerequisites for changing approaches and mechanisms of strategic management? How do the basic strategic management approaches differ for companies with different experiences, capabilities, and expectations of digital transformation? The key managerial prospects of the study concern the benefits of various strategic management approaches for companies with different backgrounds, capabilities, and expectations of digital transformation. © 2022 Occupational Health and Safety Society of Nepal. All rights reserved.
We attempt to bring clarity to the concept of strategic leadership and guide its development by reviewing and synthesizing the existing management literature on how top managers and board directors influence organizations. We propose a new definition of strategic leadership and offer a framework organized around the essential questions of what strategic leadership is, what strategic leaders do, why they do it, and how they do it. To answer these questions, we organize our review around the eight functions strategic leaders serve, the key attributes of strategic leaders, the theories scholars have used to relate these functions and attributes to outcomes, contextual factors, and the organizational outcomes that strategic leaders affect. We identify how strategic leadership research is concentrated in five streams that rarely interact with each other, and offer suggestions for connecting these streams. Our review provides a big picture of what is known about individuals at the top levels of organizations and highlights the key areas where future investigation is essential. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.
Global rise in the generation of waste has caused an enormous environmental concern and waste management problem. The untreated carbon rich waste serves as a breeding ground for pathogens and thus strategies for production of carbon rich biochar from waste by employing different thermochemical routes namely hydrothermal carbonization, hydrothermal liquefaction and pyrolysis has been of interest by researchers globally. Biochar has been globally produced due to its diverse applications from environmental bioremediation to energy storage. Also, several factors affect the production of biochar including feedstock/biomass type, moisture content, heating rate, and temperature. Recently the application of biochar has increased tremendously owing to the cost effectiveness and eco-friendly nature. Thus this communication summarized and highlights the preferred feedstock for optimized biochar yield along with the factor influencing the production. This review provides a close view on biochar activation approaches and synthesis techniques. The application of biochar in environmental remediation, composting, as a catalyst, and in energy storage has been reviewed. These informative findings were supported with an overview of lifecycle and techno-economical assessments in the production of these carbon based catalysts. Integrated closed loop approaches towards biochar generation with lesser/zero landfill waste for safeguarding the environment has also been discussed. Lastly the research gaps were identified and the future perspectives have been elucidated. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Tourism is an important business for contemporary society and is emerging as a major economic activity globally. Technological expansion and economic divergence have created a tourism friendly environment in the present age of globalization. India has a great geographical, historical and cultural heritage that drives tourism in the country. The Varkala cliff is a geoheritge site and popular tourist destination in Kerala where inhabitants earn a means of living by involving them in medical, pilgrim, beaches, and nature-based tourism. The tourist inflow to Varkala has increased tremendously over time. This paper investigates the impact of tourism the on the local community and alternative strategies of livelihood for residents in Varkala. The aims and objectives of the research are achieved through the use of a mixed method approach (qualitative and quantitative). Semi-structured questionnaires were prepared for 100 households and detailed face to face interviews were conducted with the 13 chief informers. Data were analyzed using correlation, regression analysis and ANOVA tests to examine the relationship between tourism and income level of the local community. The major findings of the paper show that tourism is the major source of livelihood for the local communities in Varkala. While the tourism activities in the study area provide a meaningful source of livelihood, it is imperative to find alternative strategies of producing income, due to the instability and seasonality of the tourism industry. The investigation suggests managers within the study area should formulate plans, policies and strategies that will improve the tourism industry and involve local community members in the decision making process and management of tourism activities. © 2022
In multi-period environments, the presence of strategic consumers induces monopolist retailers to inter-temporally compete with themselves. Targeting consumers with price-discount coupons is a proposed mechanism to overcome this inter-temporal competition. Targeting consumers with coupons can counteract strategic consumer behavior, but this mechanism cannot completely eradicate the negative implications imposed by the presence of such consumers. Additionally, the quality of information available (regarding the consumers’ valuations) may play an important role in the targeting decisions. Specifically, we illustrate how the retailer may absent completely from targeting efforts when the quality of information and the proportion of strategic consumers are sufficiently low. Lastly, we consider the optimal investment in information solicitation, demonstrating the trade-off between a low investment, which result in low quality of targeting capability, and a high investment which improves the effectiveness of the targeting efforts. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Land use efficiency is one of the critical indicators of sustainable development. Increasing land use efficiency can help build a more compact urban form and reduce the urban footprint. Industrial development is often considered a major driving force of urban land use expansion and use change. Both industrial development and urban land use change are constrained and facilitated by urban planning and management, constantly shaping the spatial trajectory of urban transformation. Taking the suburbanization and revitalization of industrial land uses in Shanghai as a case study, this research uses thematical analysis and geospatial data change detection methods to investigate how the evolution of industrial spatial structure leads to urban land use growth, and how urban planning and governance reconfigure the industrial spatial structure of a city through revitalization. This study found that the unplanned suburbanization of industrial land use brought about significant residential and commercial land use expansion. The city was able to consolidate its industrial land uses by adopting the designated industrial blocks strategy to curb the sprawl of industrial land use and enhance land use efficiency. With the transformation of industry structure, the city achieved great success in transforming underutilized industrial land in the city’s central area and consolidating scattered industrial land into industrial blocks in the city’s suburban areas. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Abstract: It has been revealed that, despite the absence of a government landscape policy in Russia, the regulation of several spheres of economic activity includes requirements for the sustainable use of landscapes. The landscape concept is applied to manage resource-oriented types of activity in Russia. Environmental protection, as well as preserving Russian natural and cultural heritage, are the key activities. It is found that the use of approximately 40 types of landscapes classified under different criteria are regulated by Russian legislation. Only three of them are legally approved: landscape, natural landscape, and anthropogenic landscape. Federal legislation governs landscape management for almost all types of economic activities listed in this work. At the interregional and regional level, the focus is on the use of geosystems in tourism, agriculture, and natural and cultural heritage conservation, as well as environmental protection. At the local (municipal) level, the landscape concept is used to manage urban planning, zone settlements, classify lands, and assess their cadastral value. Integral geosystems (rather than individual natural and cultural-historical resources) are objects for management within the framework of the functioning and development of specially protected natural areas, as well as the protection of cultural heritage. The objectives of their use are mainly mentioned in strategic documents. It is pointed out that the number of features in the governmental regulation of geosystem use in Russia is related with several principles of landscape planning: a hierarchical nature (management of the geosystems at all levels, from federal to municipal), commitment to the ecological aspects of regional policy (landscape management is basically used for environmental protection), and reliance on the ecological framework of the territory (the establishment and management of specially protected natural areas for the conservation of unique and typical natural complexes which form a part of the ecological framework). © 2022, Pleiades Publishing, Ltd.
This study has been motivated by the fact that organizations embracing Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) face different design problems with little guidance on the methods of implementing it successfully. To explore whether the implementation of ERM in companies differs from the prevailing COSO ERM framework, we conducted a survey regarding the implementation of the important ERM characteristics that were derived from a thorough literature review and their connections to COSO (Enterprise risk management integrating with strategy and performance. Executive summary, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, New York, 2017). The results of exploratory factor analysis indicate the existence of three factors relevant for ERM implementation—strategic, operational, and oversight—suggesting a discrepancy between implementing ERM in practice and the COSO Framework. The descriptive statistics indicates that operational and oversight aspects are implemented in a lesser degree than the strategic aspects. This leads to the conclusion that companies need guidance in operational aspects of the ERM implementation, and that it is necessary to enhance ERM oversight and corporate governance mechanisms. This article can contribute to ERM literature by raising a discussion on practical aspects of implementing ERM and on the possible reasons for companies’ preferences to easier solutions. This study may be useful to companies that are in the process of ERM implementation or enhancement. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Purpose: This paper aims to investigate car manufacturers’ constraints to innovate radically. Design/methodology/approach: Automotive case study. Findings: First, cultural constraints hold them back, for example, reflected in legacy power structures and failure aversion. Second, car manufacturers face cash constraints as they have to exploit their core business while exploring potential future profit pools. Third, talent gaps in digital and some non-digital areas are a challenge for incumbents while competing with digital-native firms such as Tesla. Originality/value: This paper elevates a fragmented literature strand on constraints to innovate. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This work focuses on methodological problems of urban construction development and implementation of investment stra-tegy. The main objective of the research is to analyze an investment strategy and to evaluate the effectiveness of selection of justified decisions in development of a city construction based on modern modeling methods. The characteristics of the categories “demand” and “interests” are shown, as the objects of scientific justification for the purpose of stimulating the interests of participants in the construction process. Mutual relations between the investment-construction complex’s development strategy and the strategic development of the city were identified. The sequence of step-by-step implementation of the general concept of the city’s investment strategy aimed at increasing the efficiency of construction companies is proposed, considering their level of development, and organizational, economic and social factors affecting the city. Organizational-economic modeling is recommended for financing the management and implementation of investment projects. © 2022, University of Cienfuegos, Carlos Rafael Rodriguez. All rights reserved.
The bioeconomy is a collective of activities charged with the production of biologically renewable resources or ‘biomass’ (e.g. agriculture, forestry), its diverse application (e.g. food, textiles, construction, chemicals) and subsequent reuse (e.g. compositing, waste management). Since the European Union (EU) launched its bioeconomy strategy in 2012, further bioeconomy policy initiatives have proliferated at regional, national and pan-European levels. Moreover, the EU Green Deal announced in 2019 targets a transition towards a low-carbon sustainable model of growth, food and energy security, biodiversity and natural resource management, where it is envisaged that the bioeconomy will play a key role. Despite a paucity of available data, the surge in policy interest has triggered the need for evidence-based monitoring of bioeconomy sectors and the efficient tailoring of policy support. Thus, on a Member State (MS) basis for the period 2008–2017, we (1) adopt an ‘output-based’ approach to construct a panel data of performance indicators and (2) characterise the sources of growth and transitional stage of the bioeconomy. Results reveal that the bioeconomy has maintained its relative importance within the total EU27 economy. At the EU level, agriculture and the food industry have played a key role in driving a transition in the primary and industrial bioeconomy sectors due to their significant labour productivity-enhancing impact. Four Northern MS exhibit a bioeconomy transition by modernising their bioeconomy activities and operating structural changes. Other Northern and Western EU MS are still in the early stages of a transition, whilst in Eastern and Central Europe, such a transition remains elusive. © 2021, European Union, Thünen Institute and George Philippidis.
Abstract: Irrigation remains an essential component of food security in many parts of the world. Kyrgyzstan is included in this number, but, at the same time, the water resources of Kyrgyzstan are still not used efficiently enough. This study gives an assessment of the conditions for the formation and quality of water resources in the Kyrgyz Republic based on an analysis of the new draft State Program for the Development of Irrigation of the Kyrgyz Republic for 2017–2026 and an assessment of the irrigation facilities of the Republic that takes into account their relevance and economic and technical indicators. The modern realities demonstrate the need for a careful and rational use of natural resources. High-quality, safe water is becoming one of the most in-demand resources in many countries of the world, therefore, “water powers” can make water their strategic resource, but the operation and maintenance of water-management systems requires significant financial investments. Payment for water use can become the basis for reform of the economic mechanism of interstate relations. The study resulted in the formulation of reasonable directions for the strategic nature of the modernization of the reclamation fund and the expansion of the volume of ongoing reclamation activities related to high-priority measures for the development of the rational use of the water balance. © 2022, Pleiades Publishing, Ltd.
Wildland fires are a vital ecological process in Canada's protected areas (PAs), resulting in both ecological benefits and detrimental disturbances. In the face of rapid global changes, maximizing fire's ecological benefits while minimizing its negative impacts is particularly difficult but essential for PA fire management. To facilitate fire management in Canada's PAs, we conducted a comprehensive review of fire regimes and management strategies in PAs using several scholarly sources and national databases. We found that a high proportion of protected areas are in the remote boreal forest region or the Montane Cordillera. Fire regimes varied from the high-intensity fires in the boreal forest region to the more complex mixed-severity fires in the Montane Cordillera ecozone. Numerous fire tools and science-based management plans have been developed to address the varied and complex fire regimes. However, many challenges are still presented under longer fire seasons with increasingly severe burning across the country. To cope with these challenges, we proposed a protection-conservation integrated fire management framework. It is expected to improve the capability of the existing tools in guiding both fire protection and ecological fire use in Canada's PAs. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
An essential part of business operation for tourism industry is revenue management, i.e., how to sell the right tour package, to the right customers, at the right time, at the right price through the most appropriate and cost-effective channels. In today's world, the internet has revolutionized many business operations in the tourism industry which plays an important role in Thailand's GDP. Most tour operators utilize websites as the main channel to build relationships with customers. Thus, website performance measurement is an important strategic factor for online marketing. The objectives of this research were to identify factors contributing from Google Analytics metrics to online bookings and to forecast online bookings using those impactful factors. Several machine learning models namely artificial neural network (ANN), support vector regression, and random forest, were proposed to forecast online bookings using the mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) as the criterion for comparison. It was found that there were three Google Analytics metrics that contributed to online bookings, which were the sessions from referral, unique returning users, and the average session duration. In addition, the ANN model provided the highest accuracy result with a MAPE of 11.39%. The framework from this research can be applied to other online companies to forecast their online bookings, which is an important part of revenue management since accurate forecasts can help companies to achieve their goals. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
The cumulative effects of human stressors are threatening marine ecosystems. While spatial management tools such as marine conservation areas can help mitigate cumulative effects, several decision-making challenges remain. A limited availability of information and lack of knowledge, inconsistent management approaches, and ineffective consideration of social-ecological interactions hinders current cumulative effects assessment and management efforts. We examined if and how ocean managers assess cumulative effects and incorporate them into their management practices. A survey of the three Canadian federal departments responsible for marine conservation areas was conducted, and focused on the extent to which social and economic factors are considered. Managers seemed to favor ecological factors over social and economic ones when evaluating cumulative effects, such as when defining the spatial and temporal scales to use in their assessments. Managers also indicated a need for greater access to social and economic data and information to improve their assessment and management decisions. Lastly, the lack of a standardized cumulative effects assessment framework and fragmented management approaches appeared to limit managers’ ability to adequately incorporate social and economic factors into assessments. The survey results indicated that a cumulative effects assessment framework that explicitly includes social and economic factors in addition to an enhanced understanding of the suite of factors that influence social-ecological interactions should be developed. This type of framework is essential to help achieve the long-term management solutions required to conserve the health and integrity of Canada's oceans and beyond. © 2022 by the author(s).
Shrimp aquaculture is among the most vital sectors in the Mekong Delta of Vietnam regarding economic well-being, social aspects, and food security beyond the country boundary. Nevertheless, this sector has faced emerging challenges from increased climate variability during recent decades, negatively influencing its outcomes. This paper utilized farm-level data surveyed in 2019 to investigate the mechanisms behind households' decisions to adopt three primary climate change adaptation practices: upgrading pond dikes, lining ponds with plastic sheets, and having settling ponds. This study demonstrates the effects of adopting these strategies on shrimp farming performance. An endogenous switching regression model was employed to deal with potential selection bias and heterogeneity in the decision to adopt or not. We find that the adoption of upgrading pond dikes and having a settling pond result in higher productivity in shrimp farming, and both adopters and non-adopters of these strategies would benefit from the adaptation. As well, education of the farm operators and farmers' belief on changes in climatic conditions and their impacts on shrimp farming are the main drivers behind the adoption behavior. This study, therefore, provides empirical evidence for policymakers to promote specific climate change adaptation strategies that would improve the welfare of shrimp farmers. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
This study contributes to the literature by investigating the causality of circular business strategy under uncertainty using a zero-waste practice approach in the seafood processing industry and recommending managerial implications for decision-makers. The circular business strategy has increasingly attracted more notice as a proper solution to address the environmental issues and accomplish economic as well as social benefit with the ultimate target of zero-waste. Yet, prior studies failed to determine circular business strategy attributes with the complete viewpoint and adequate measurement under qualitative information. Studies on zero-waste practices from the firm perspective are limited. To fulfill this gap, this study aims to determine the decisive circular business strategy attributes, their interrelationships in view of sustainable balanced scorecard and examine influential zero-waste practices from firm perspective. A combined method, including fuzzy Delphi method, fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory, and Choquet integral is employed. From the original set of attributes, five aspects and 20 criteria are validated. The results present that collaborative circularity, strategic internal process, and technology competency are causal aspects with high involvement among the effect group. The decisive criteria for the seafood processing industry encompass resource consumption minimization, waste minimization, clean technology, by-product marketplace, network development, and coordination upgradation. From initial zero-waste practices of the industry's current status, two critical ones are identified including reuse and recycle. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
This research explores a data-driven methodological framework to quantify the effect of rainfall and visibility on travel time reliability (TTR) by considering selected road segments in North Carolina. The framework includes capturing, processing, and integrating weather-related information and travel time data for the selected road segments. Various TTR indices were computed for the selected road segments under different rainfall and visibility ranges by day of the week (DOW) and time of the day (TOD). The TTR indices were computed for one week before and after (same DOW and TOD) under the normal weather condition and compared with those obtained under different intensities of rainfall and visibility. The variability in travel time patterns due to other events is expected to be marginal when considering the same DOW and TOD for comparison purposes. The results indicate that poor visibility with different rainfall intensities has the maximum adverse effect on the TTR. The outcomes from the data-driven methodological framework help the transportation planners in developing weather-responsive traffic management strategies and assessing their effectiveness using TTR indices. © 2022 American Meteorological Society.
Incumbent companies are launching digital transformation initiatives (DTIs) to cope with technological changes, challenging competitive environments, increasing customer demands, and other digitalization challenges. The DTI spectrum is broad and covers structural and contextual changes. Companies often launch multiple. concurrent DTIs, resulting in considerable organizational complexity. However, there has been very little research into the successful management of the interplay between DTIs. Drawing on five management aspects (strategic alignment, governance, methods/IT, people, and culture) and insights from three case companies, we elucidate DTIs’ interplay, illustrating that beneficial DTI interplay management leads to a complementary duality instead of a competing dualism in organizational ambidexterity. We explicate that multiple concurrent DTIs can foster structural and contextual ambidexterity, which leads to hybrid ambidexterity, concluding that contextual ambidexterity coheres and balances exploration and exploitation efforts. Thereby, we contribute to a better understanding of DTIs, their interplay management, and their roles to foster hybrid ambidexterity. © 2022, The Author(s).
The management of human resources is today significantly impacted by the emergence of the global workforce and the increasing relevance of business analytics as a strategic organizational capability. Whereas human resources analytics has been largely discussed in literature in the last decade, a systematic identification and classification of key topics is yet to be introduced. In particular, there is room for conceptual contributions aiming to provide a comprehensive definition of concepts and investigation areas related to HR analytics. Using a systematic literature review process, we deconstruct the concept of human resources analytics as presented in a vast although fragmented literature, and we identify 106 key research topics associated to three major areas, i.e. enablers of HR analytics (technological and organizational), applications (descriptive and diagnostic/prescriptive), and value (employee value and organizational value). We also speculate on an “exponential” view of HR analytics enabled by the affirmation of artificial intelligence and cognitive technologies. The article provides a large systematization effort and a research agenda for developing further studies in the field of HR analytics. By a practitioner perspective, the study offers insights to support the design of innovative analytics projects within organizations. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.
Purpose: Construction trade unions have been a vital force in improving the job standards and wellbeing of trade workers. However, the union membership in the construction industry has dropped by half between 1983 and 2017. The objective of this study is to identify and assess the controlling factors of construction electrical trade unionization in the United States. Design/methodology/approach: The study involved four main steps. Literature review and industry townhall meetings were conducted to identify the electrical trade unionization factors. A new unionization trend metric was developed using available union market share data to quantify the growth and decline of local unions. Mixed-mode surveying was used to collect questionnaire and interview data on the unionization factors in different local units of the electrical trade union. Finally, the survey data from the questionnaire and interviews were merged and their correlation with the unionization trend data was assessed. Findings: The study found that the unionization of this specialty trade is dependent on increasing the crew ratio, expanding the non-apprenticeship union membership program, organizing larger contractors, and continuing the union focus on public and heavy industrial projects. Originality/value: The study contributes to the construction management body of knowledge by providing a data-driven industry-wide assessment of the factors that affect electrical construction unionization. The study advances the understanding of construction trade unions by narrowing the theory-practice knowledge gap, illustrating the use of macro quantitative empirical research methods, and developing a new unionization trend metric. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: The purpose of this study was to apply social exchange and organizational support theories to examine the relationship between mid-level strategic enrollment managers’ perceptions of managerial coaching behaviors enacted by their senior managers and their own reported job engagement, as mediated by perceived organizational support (POS) within the US higher education context. Design/methodology/approach: A quantitative survey-based half-longitudinal design, which used the latent marker variable technique, was conducted with a sponsoring professional organization in the strategic enrollment management (SEM) field in the USA. A total of 301 usable surveys were analyzed using structural equation modeling. Findings: The results of this study indicate that SEM managers’ job engagement and the perceived managerial coaching behaviors provided to them by their senior managers were positively correlated, and that POS fully mediated this relationship. These findings highlight how coaching behaviors may allow managers to elicit positive emotional responses and, by fostering enhanced POS, ultimately enhance job engagement among their team members. Originality/value: This study addresses several calls for research on managerial coaching, job engagement and POS in an under-examined higher education context within the human resource development field. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Businesses are increasingly called upon to contribute to efforts to protect biodiversity and natural capital. Our article presents the results of an action research conducted with a major company in the environmental sector that has been experimenting with innovative services dedicated to ecosystem management. We show the specific organizational and social challenges the company faced in upscaling this strategy due to its path dependency to its historical value creation model, and to the collective action issues that characterize biodiversity management. We introduce a new interdisciplinary theoretical framework for the development of what we refer to as “business models for ecosystem management services,” defined by the very central place they give to the achievement of measurable biodiversity performances. We then propose four such new business models designed through participatory methods that combine in a unique way a corporate value creation model with an ecological value cocreation model at the ecosystem level. © The Author(s) 2020.
This paper aims to identify financially and environmentally promising project portfolio decisions under CO2 fleet emission restrictions in the automotive industry. These decisions are particularly difficult due to uncertain demand, ever-stricter CO2 fleet emission thresholds, and an increasing number of alternative powertrain technologies that can be integrated into different vehicle projects with high project-specific investments and long product life cycles. We develop a mixed-integer linear programming model that maximizes the net present value of car manufacturers’ project portfolios, so-called cycle plans, by selecting specific vehicle projects and by determining the respective production quantities to comply with the given thresholds for the CO2 fleet emissions. By applying the model to an illustrative European car manufacturer, promising cycle plan decisions are determined and analyzed across six market demand scenarios. The results reveal that compliance with the European emission thresholds until 2035 is generally possible if electric vehicle demand gains momentum, but threshold exceedance and corresponding penalty payments can be financially advantageous in some situations. Long-term compliance with CO2 regulation and financial success is supported by the fast market introduction of battery electric vehicles and the preparation of fuel cell electric vehicles for a later market introduction in large-sized vehicles. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Industrial Ecology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of the International Society for Industrial Ecology.
Extant research on knowledge mobilization points to barriers and opportunities for innovation. Edelman et al paper “Academic Health Science Centres as Vehicles for Knowledge Mobilisation in Australia? A Qualitative Study” builds nicely on the existing knowledge base by evaluating the early stages of organisational development of Academic Health Science Centers in Australia. This commentary discusses their research findings by drawing on relevant themes including knowledge mobilization initiatives that have been developed globally to bridge the research-practice gap and knowledge brokering roles for service improvement. Following which, the commentary draws on organizational capabilities literature for knowledge brokering to happen, the latter including the need for measuring implementation fidelity amongst other capabilities. Finally, building on Edelman et al call for more attention to action-oriented roles and knowledge mobilization processes to deliver strategic goals the commentary concludes with a note for collective leadership as an enabler of knowledge mobilization with impact and at scale. © 2022 The Author(s); Published by Kerman University of Medical Sciences.
Ongoing urbanization leads to problems such as densification, loss of biodiversity, and social injustice in cities. For increasing urban populations, green–blue infrastructure (GBI) is an important element in compact cities contributing to human health, well-being, and the provision of important ecosystem services. We analyzed responses from two open-ended questions about visions, ideas, and topics for the development and management of GBI important for citizens of the city of Leipzig, Germany. The questions were part of an online survey accompanying the development of the local GBI planning strategy: Master Plan Green. The strategy is focusing on five guiding themes that are leading local and global debates about sustainable and resilient cities: biodiversity, climate adaptation, environmental justice, health, and sustainable mobility. We categorize citizens' ideas and suggestions, summarize frequent problems and conflicts, and link ideas and visions to the five guiding themes. As the last step, we discuss citizens' suggestions in order to minimize conflicts in GBI and to identify deficits in present local planning. Major problems and conflicts that were addressed by respondents relate to quality, usability, other users, activities, and safety and security of GBI. Numerous suggestions aimed to tackle these problems, for example, by designating separate use areas, adding naturalness, improving maintenance, and enhancing facilities. A range of ideas and suggestions were based on diverging expectations underpinning the challenge of matching heterogeneous demands of GBI users in an equitable fashion. Linking these suggestions to the five guiding themes reveals that most ideas are covered by one or several guiding themes and are considered in local planning strategies. However, findings also demonstrate that increasing the quantity of Leipzig's GBI is a central request from respondents. Sociocultural and economic aspects as well as conflicting demands among citizens should further be central to GBI planning to avoid injustice and achieve sustainability objectives. This analysis gives insights into opinions and visions of citizens regarding the development of the city's GBI network and thus substantiates major strategic and planning themes leading global and local urban strategies toward sustainable cities. Considering specific suggestions and GBI deficits that bother citizens on a local level, offers the opportunity to improve the social and ecological resilience of GBI. © 2022, Resilience Alliance. All rights reserved.
Two major themes in the upper echelon decision making literature are the efficacy of the CEO and the composition of the top management team (TMT). Little research has examined their intersection. This study addresses the call to reveal the social processes within TMTs, by focusing on CEO-TMT member interaction in decision making. Drawing on video ethnographic data of two TMTs, we explore the patterns of interactions between CEOs and TMT members in their strategic decision making meetings. Through an analysis of 20 issue discussions, we identify five “constellations”, a team level construct capturing the core relational dynamics that are created through mutual CEO-TMT member influence during a team's discussion of a strategic issue. We explain how these constellations unfold and their implications for the processes and outcomes of TMT strategic decision making. We then elaborate how our findings contribute to the TMT and upper echelon literatures, as well as our understanding of team politics. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
With the introduction of Society 5.0 for the sustainable future, special caution is given to humans’ role within the general system. Similarly, Industry 5.0 as a concept has been presented, followed by Logistics 5.0 in its theoretical framework. The transition towards the new concept of Logistics 5.0 requires an accurate and optimal strategic plan definition for which, in this paper, an implementation model based on decision support systems will be developed. The output data from this model are the priority of Logistics 5.0 elements (from five groups—green warehousing, green transport, green packaging, infrastructure and organization, and human resources) for the optimal implementation, based on three goals (initial investment, return of investment time, implementation and exploitation complexity) that companies aim to achieve in the future. The model is based on the analytic hierarchy process, and data were collected from an expert group and analyzed with several statistical methods. The result is a model that provides an optimal strategy for the implementation of elements of Logistics 5.0. The implementation priority list of elements is very beneficial for the management of many companies from various types of industries. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Developing land suitability models for strategically critical agricultural products to expand sustainable agricultural policies and sensitive agriculture management has become a significant trend. This study aims to improve a unique land suitability model for hazelnut cultivation by applying the criteria set (7 main criteria, 35 sub-criteria) including qualitative and quantitative reasons, integrated fuzzy analytic hierarchy process, inverse distance weighting, multi-criteria decision analysis, geographic information system, and weighted linear combination approaches. The model developed in the present study was applied and tested in Ünye District of Ordu Province, where hazelnut production in the Eastern Black Sea region of Turkey is an important economic activity. While 71.17% of the study area is classified as very highly suitable, highly suitable, and moderately suitable, 28.83% of the study area has marginally suitable and unsuitable properties for hazelnut cultivation. Generally, it was determined that the coastal parts of the study area were the most suitable areas for hazelnut growing. The hazelnut land suitability model’s two main criteria impacting the final score values are climatic and topographic conditions, respectively. Heavy metal pollution and physical, chemical, and fertility conditions related to soil properties followed these, respectively. The first ten sub-criteria with the highest weight value were determined as elevation, annual average temperature, annual average precipitation, aspect, annual average relative humidity, nickel (pollution), slope, annual average maximum temperature, lead (pollution), and soil depth, respectively. Existing hazelnut cultivation areas were used to test the model. Of the existing cultivation areas, 75.59% coincided with the very highly suitable, highly suitable, and moderately suitable classes presented in this study, while 17.15% were in marginally suitable and 7.26% in unsuitable classes. The study results reveal that the hazelnut land suitability model developed is suitable in mild climate conditions. Using this model as a general transition model will be beneficial to test it in areas containing similar climatic conditions and various soil properties. This study will create a rational background in ensuring the sustainable food production system and security, agricultural land use planning, strategic planning and management of the hazelnut plant, increasing agricultural productivity and income, and the ecosystem. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Green innovation could become a valuable firm resource for establishing competitive advantage while simultaneously contributing towards sustainable development; in other words, green innovation has the potential to address the dilemma between consuming available resources and preserving them for the future. However, there is a dearth of studies systematically examining the present structure and future scope of research on green innovation as a firm resource. Seeking to explain the sustainable development dilemma of green innovations through the theoretical perspective of the resource-based view of the firm, we address this gap with a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of 951 relevant articles. The key contributors to the extant literature are recognised with bibliographic coupling, citation analysis and co-authorship analysis. A co-citation analysis identifies four major thematic areas of research: green supply chain management, green product design, corporate environmental responsibilities and social sustainability. Further, a dynamic co-citation analysis tracks the progression of these thematic areas. Content analysis of the thematic areas provides insights into the status of the research domain. This study also contributes to the extant literature by identifying prestigious articles on green innovation as a firm resource, analysing the co-occurrence of keywords and suggesting future research agendas. © 2021 The Authors. Business Strategy and The Environment published by ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Russian Federation has developed a large number of instruments to put pressure on the West using non-conventional means such as cyber attacks, economic tools and information warfare. Using modern IT technologies in its hybrid activities, Russia, much like China or other authoritarian powers, is trying to challenge the current world order. These instruments are particularly evident in the Baltic States. This article uses Estonia as a case study to inquire into the political goals and strategic conduct of Russia. Specifically, the focus is on the political context, instruments of information war, and available countermeasures. As argued in the current study, the shift from European to Eurasian power, Russias careful management and success in avoiding crossing the "red lines"of its adversaries, as well as in exploiting the socioeconomic weaknesses and openness of the West, all play a relevant role in understanding the political context. As for instruments, Russia has developed strategic narratives and conspiracy theories, plus several channels next to media channels, and policy tools such as Pax Russica and the compatriot policy. These are deployed in its neighborhood and aimed at unintegrated segments of the Russophone populations. © 2022 Vladimir Sazonov et al., published by Sciendo.
Purpose: Competitive strategy is one of the key factors traditionally related to performance, but research explaining the mechanisms through which this strategy improves business results is scant. This study aims to shed light on this relationship by analyzing human resource management (HRM) strategy as an essential tool for transforming business strategy into results. Design/methodology/approach: Focusing on two generic competitive strategies, the authors establish hypotheses on the need for alignment among four echelons: business strategy, HRM system objectives, HRM system capabilities and business performance. The authors test these hypotheses with structural equation modeling techniques using data provided by 204 industrial companies. Findings: The results show that to get the most out of a competitive strategy based on quality differentiation, HRM system objectives and capabilities must be focussed on quality. In the same way, a competitive strategy based on innovation differentiation requires HRM system objectives and capabilities focussed on flexibility to achieve the maximum impact on performance. In this second case, alignment is fundamental in low dynamic environments. Originality/value: This research not only provides additional evidence for the strategic relevance of the human resources (HR) function but also reveals the potential benefits of focusing on objectives and capabilities rather than on practices. Moreover, it shows that the role of HRM objectives and capabilities in the implementation of a competitive strategy can be shaped by factors beyond the company's control, such as environmental dynamism. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The objective of this work is to offer an analysis related to tourism demand as a sustainable projection for the tourist destination. The behavior of demand as a key element for subsequent de-cision-making in management models and strategic proposals for sustainable development cen-tered on the tourist destination constitutes the central element of this work. The study is based on an analysis of tourist activity in the city of Trinidad. In accordance with the quantitative paradigm, an analysis of internal and external secondary information on tourism was carried out based on the results of the surveys, interviews, Likert-type scalograms and semantic differentials completed by the actors involved in the tourist activity in the studied territory. Qualitative research, which is con-sidered a subjective view of the actors involved in the work, was also employed. The main indica-tors of the tourism demand for the destination and the imbalances that cause dissatisfaction are shown, such as the lack of systematic studies on tourism demand and few coordinated actions between the public and private sectors to satisfy it. It is concluded that the character of Trinidad as a Cultural Heritage of Humanity destination continues to exert an important influence on the demand for tourism in the destination. As a result, it is necessary to delve into new proposals to ensure that tourism in the local context is an economically, socially, and environmentally sustainable activity. For this, the lack of coordination between the state and private sectors must be overcome. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Increased attention to environmental sustainability has created pressures to adopt the circular economy (CE) principles. The transition toward CE requires system redesign and business process modification. Embracing disruptive technologies produces several benefits including improved productivity and resource utilization. Thus, organizations become eager to adopt and sustain digital supply chains (DSCs) in globally competitive markets. Additionally, the linkage between DSC with CE and the impact of DSC on organizational performances from the perspective of CE remain unexplored in previous studies. This study aims to develop a framework for DSC adoption from the perspective of CE. The present study recognizes the barriers through literature review and experts' opinions that must be eradicated to attain the objectives of DSCs. In this study, 19 potential barriers to DSCs were identified. A fuzzy best–worst method (BWM) was adopted to prioritize the identified barriers. Further, the study formulates strategies for integrating the CE with DSCs to overcome the barriers. A modified Total Interpretive Structure Model (m-TISM) was developed to highlight the different levels of suggested strategies. This study contributes to the existing literature by analyzing the identified barriers to DSCs and suggesting overcoming strategies. The integrated methodology assists organizations to develop efficient and integrated strategic measures toward DSC adoption through the application of enhanced knowledge of CE and environmental sustainability. The findings reveal that the “lack of digital skills and facilities” is the most influential barrier in DSC development. Further, the findings indicate that financial and regulatory supports are the primary steps toward a digitalized economy. © 2022 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Why are some firms more successful in adopting profitable environmental management practices than others? A key role of corporate managers is to encourage subsidiaries to adopt innovative practices. We examine the conditions under which corporate managers use information provision to encourage subsidiaries to adopt advanced environmental management practices. Focusing on the distribution of expertise across subsidiaries, we propose that corporate managers are more likely to elect an information provision strategy when subsidiaries (i) possess moderate levels of related expertise, (ii) exhibit significant heterogeneity in this expertise, and (iii) are more diversified and less concentrated. We study the diffusion of pollution prevention practices by firms in the information and communication technology sector in the United States and find empirical support for our four hypotheses. These findings promote a greater understanding of which firms adopt advanced environmental management practices and when firms adopt information provision strategies to encourage knowledge transfer within the organization. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Metacognition is one of the key factors that determine students’ mathematics learning and affects students’ sustainable development. Metacognition assessment has attracted more and more attention from researchers, but how to effectively assess and improve students’ metacognition is still unknown. Based on the theoretical basis and practical verification, a mathematics metacognitive intelligence assessment and strategy implementation system for middle school students was developed from both qualitative and quantitative perspectives. This system features the mix of an assessment structural model, assessment scales, a set of norms, improvement strategies and the intelligent assessment and strategy implementation program, which can intelligently output students’ mathematical metacognition level and propose targeted improvement strategies. Through the application of the system to 2100 students in Tianjin, China, the results show that the subjects have advantages in mathematical metacognitive knowledge and mathematical metacognitive management. The mathematical metacognitive experience needs to be improved. After intervening with the subjects, according to the improvement strategy provided by the system, it was found that their mathematical metacognition was improved, indicating that the system has a good effect. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A continual increase in the influence of exogenic conditions on a company’s ability to sustain and develop and increasing complexity of the management processes correlated with the discovery of new dimensions of an enterprise, which determine its potential—these all lead to a growing interest in the search for the factors which might facilitate the elevation of the level of integrity of a business model of an enterprise/organisational and managerial system of an enterprise. Currently, it is absolutely necessary to perceive an enterprise not only in the terms of a rational economic system that, in its activity, concentrates on the generation of a positive financial result, and the creation of its value for the stockholders, but also as the system, at the same time, is meant to act responsibly in relation to its stakeholders, society and the market. The observation of successful enterprises shows clearly that the company values make up an element indispensable for the creation of effective strategies of development, and, at the same time, an element guaranteeing them an appropriate level of strategic integrity in external and internal dimensions, paired with the preservation of flexibility for necessary reconfiguration. Some special attention should be paid to the fact that, in order to build permanent competitive advantage, in the context of the strategic dimension of company management, values should play a key role also in the enterprises within heavy industry, including the energy sector. This article aims to present the significance of selected aspects of strategic dimension management in the context of company strategy in one of the largest energy sector companies in Poland. It is based on an analysis of the results of research carried out in the second part of 2021 and at the beginning of 2022. Qualitative studies based on a questionnaire survey and in-depth interviews were conducted among this institution’s managers who are responsible for formulating the company strategy. The study results have shown that social and employees’ personal values, organisational culture, and management by values, have a substantial impact on the character and quality of the strategic dimension management of the analysed company. The article aims to show the role of social values in determining efficiency in the area of managing the strategic dimension of a company. In the context of this aim, the following important research questions should be asked: What is the influence of social values and values represented by the TMT (top management team) on a given company’s efficiency in the context of strategic decisions; and how do these factors influence the stability of the company development, and do they ensure the organisation’s resilience to short-term external changes?. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Platform enterprises have emerged as one of the most popular business models in the era of knowledge economy. The success of platform enterprises relies on continuous value creation by constructing an efficient platform and attracting more users to participate in order to create more value for the users and by the users. This study is to explore the key factors that drive value creation in platform enterprises’ ecosystem to help better understand the management of platform enterprises as the knowledge-based entrepreneurial ventures in emerging markets. This study employs a newly emerged method—a fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis to empirically analyze the antecedent configurations of value creation for Chinese platform enterprises. This method extends qualitative comparative analysis by integrating fuzzy-sets and fuzzy-logic principles with qualitative comparative analysis principles, which offers a more realistic approach. This paper identifies different configurations for high and non-high levels of value creation in platform enterprises. The results show that continuous user commitment is crucial to creating positive value for Chinese platform enterprises, and active user participation and knowledge sharing as well as platform construction/improvement are the key elements that determine the platform enterprises’ value creation process. The results also demonstrate a hybrid value creation logic with efficiency and innovation in platform enterprises. This study further identifies an asymmetric causality in the Chinese platform enterprises’ value creation process that is crucial for knowledge sharing and effective management of platform enterprises. The findings can shed light on the strategic management of platform enterprises for emerging markets. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Analysis of in-use metal stocks provides information on the potential quantity and quality of the generated waste and secondary metals and an understanding of metal demands. Previous studies have analyzed the in-use metal stocks mainly considering their volume and final products. However, an end-use sector where a final product is used (e.g., household, industry) is essential for information on the waste origin and recycling route. Therefore, in this study, the historical trends of in-use stocks and waste flows of copper in Japan until 2015 are comprehensively identified with high resolution of both the final products and end-use sectors based on input-output and dynamic material flow analysis. The results show that in-use copper stocks in manufacturing, infrastructure-related sectors, and household already peaked and decreased until 2015, while those in real estate and residence continued to increase. The in-use total copper stock peaked in 2008 (22.5 Tg) and later decreased, with 21.1 Tg in 2015, while the total copper waste flows increased, resulting in 1.0 Tg in 2015. Our analysis of copper waste flows indicates that the household was a significant end-use sector for copper recycling with unrecycled copper flows of 60.6 Gg in 2015. Furthermore, our analysis suggests that the Japanese in-use copper stocks per capita for some end-use sectors decreased as per capita GDP increased, and some country-specific factors affected the in-use copper stock growth. The findings will help future demand forecasts and develop resource policies and recycling strategies toward sustainable metal management. © 2022 The Author(s)
Purpose: Framed within global policy debates over the need for private financial flows to align with the capital requirements of the Paris Agreement, this paper examines UK asset managers in their approaches to disclosing and managing climate risk. This paper identifies and evaluates climate risk management practices among this under-researched investor group in their capacity to address fundamental behavioural obstacles to low-carbon investment. Design/methodology/approach: This paper takes an inductive approach to document analysis, applying content and thematic analysis to the annual disclosures of the 28 largest UK asset managers (by assets under management), including the investment management arms of insurance and pension companies. Findings: The main takeaway from this research is that today’s climate risk management strategies hold potential to effectively address traditionally climate risk-averse investor behaviour and investment processes in the UK asset management context. However, this research finds that the use of environmental, social and governance (ESG) investment strategies to mitigate climate risks is a “grey area” in which climate risk management practices are undefined within broad sustainability and responsible investment agendas. In doing so, this paper invites further research into the extent to which climate risks are considered in ESG investment. Originality/value: This paper contributes to research in sustainable finance and behavioural finance, by identifying the latest climate risk management techniques used among UK-headquartered asset managers and uniquely evaluating these in their capacity to address barriers to low-carbon investment arising from organisational behaviours and processes. © 2022, Noelle Greenwood and Peter Warren.
Since the 1970s there have been many twists and turns in the approach taken by the Australian Government to coastal management. Opportunities over this period to participate in deliberations on policies and programs of the federal government have enabled me to appreciate just how difficult it is to achieve sustainable outcomes at a national level. Unlike certain other federated countries, lack of constitutional recognition, or a national legal framework, or a national coastal/marine office make efforts to achieve coherence in coastal management very difficult. Most coastal management power resides in different state and local governments in Australia. Constant changes in federal government Ministers, policies, department structures and funded programs have inhibited the ability to enact nationally strategic coastal management objectives. This paper traces some of the encounters made with agencies, institutions, individuals and politicians seeking to make a difference, but often finding their efforts thwarted by a range of factors. © 2022
This study aims to assess the role of leadership in Indonesia’s State-Owned Enterprises in bringing the companies to be resilient amid uncertainties and a dynamic environment based on dynamic capability theory. Risk management practices are used to mediate the relationship between leadership capabilities and enterprise resilience. The authors conducted a quantitative and cross-sectional study using a questionnaire distributed to members of the board of directors and senior managers of Indonesia SOEs and their subsidiaries. Based on the structural equation modeling analysis, the findings reveal that leadership capabilities play a role in developing enterprise resilience and risk management practice. Additionally, risk management practice partially mediates the relationship between leadership capabilities and enterprise resilience. The empirical findings enrich the knowledge on the relationship between enterprise resilience, leadership capability, and risk management practice. These results enable management SOEs and their subsidiaries and policymak-ers to develop strategies and a policy framework to create and develop enterprise resilience and help SOEs navigate safely and triumphantly in uncertain and disruptive business environments. This study supports empirical evidence that expands the context of applying the enterprise resilience concept and dynamic capability theory in hybrid organization types, such as SOEs, that operate in emerging countries. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
There is a general agreement within the wildfire community that exclusively top-down approaches to policy making and management are limited and that we need to build governance capacity to cooperatively manage across jurisdictional boundaries. Accordingly, the concept of co-management has grown in popularity as a theoretical lens through which to understand cooperative multi-jurisdictional response to wildland fires. However, definitional ambiguity has led to on-going debates about what co-management is. Further, there is limited understanding about the nature of co-management during crisis events. This had led to scholars posing the question: what is co-management in the context of jurisdictionally complex wildfire? In this paper, we seek to address this question based on interviews with leaders engaged in the management of jurisdictionally complex wildfire incidents. We propose a multi-level framework for conceiving co-management as strategic efforts of individual actors to cooperatively manage perceived interdependencies with others through one or more formal or informal institutional arrangements. We then demonstrate the value of the proposed framework in its ability to organise a series of questions for diagnosing co-management situations within the context of jurisdictionally complex wildfires.  © 2022
To reduce the cost of energy conservation and emission reduction, some manufacturers will choose to misreport the green degree of their products, which may have some serious negative effects on the profit of the supply chain. To investigate the effects of the manufacturers’ misreporting strategy on the decisions and associated profit of the supply chain, we establish a two-period Stackelberg game model for a dual-channel manufacturer–retailer setting. Our results show that the manufacturers’ misreporting strategies lead to higher profits for them, which means that manufacturers tend to misreport the green degree of the products. However, the manufacturer’s misreport-ing strategy will put the retailer and the whole supply chain in a disadvantageous position and, hence, reduce the profit of the retailer and the whole supply chain. In addition, we also show that the manufacturer’s misreporting strategy only affects the greenness of the product and does not affect the pricing decisions of the manufacturer, the retailer and the whole supply chain. Finally, we design a revenue-sharing contract to achieve the coordination of the supply chain, which provides managerial insights for the decision makers of the supply chain. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Stakeholder engagement has grown into a widely used yet often unclear construct in business and society research. The literature lacks a unified understanding of the essentials of stakeholder engagement, and the fragmented use of the stakeholder engagement construct challenges its development and legitimacy. The purpose of this article is to clarify the construct of stakeholder engagement to unfold the full potential of stakeholder engagement research. We conduct a literature review on 90 articles in leading academic journals focusing on stakeholder engagement in the business and society, management and strategy, and environmental management and environmental policy literatures. We present a descriptive analysis of stakeholder engagement research for a 15-year period, and we identify the moral, strategic, and pragmatic components of stakeholder engagement as well as its aims, activities, and impacts. Moreover, we offer an inclusive stakeholder engagement definition and provide a guide to organizing the research. Finally, we complement the current understanding with a largely overlooked dark side of stakeholder engagement. We conclude with future research avenues for stakeholder engagement research. © The Author(s) 2022.
The farmers’ welfare and its interlinkages to energy efficiency and farm sustainability has attracted global scientific interest within the last few decades. This study examines the contribution of Agriculture 5.0 to the prosperity of the farmers in the post-pandemic era and the gradual transition to an energy-smart farm. To obtain an insight into the attributes of Agriculture 5.0 and the emerging technologies in the field, Bibliometrix analysis with the use of an R package was conducted based on 2000 data consisting of peer-reviewed articles. The data were retrieved from the Scopus database. A bibliometric approach was employed to analyze the data for a comprehensive overview of the trend, thematic focus, and scientific production in the field of Agriculture 5.0 and energy-smart farming. Emerging technologies that are part of Agriculture 5.0 in combination with alternative energy sources can provide cost-effective access to finance, weather updates, remotely monitoring, and future energy solutions for the establishment of smart farms. Keywords such as “renewable energy,” “Internet of Things,” and “emission control” remain the trending keywords. Moreover, thematic analysis shows that “economic and social effects”, “energy efficiency”, “remote sensing”, and “Artificial Intelligence” with their associated components such as “anaerobic digestion”, “wireless sensor network,” “agricultural robots”, and “smart agriculture” are the niche themes of Agriculture 5.0 in combination with green energy sources, which can lead to the cut cost, energy-efficient, and sustainable energy-smart farms. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In a context of increasing managerialization of higher education and growing importance of the so-called ‘third mission’, universities increasingly seek to align their knowledge exchange (KE) profiles—i.e., the KE channels they use and the stakeholders with which they interact—to their institutional objectives. Using the lens of management control systems theory, we mapped changes in KE profiles to different management interventions. Building on 12 case studies of UK universities and combining content analysis and qualitative comparative analysis, we found that a) universities that had diversified their KE profiles had implemented belief and interactive control system interventions to encourage all staff members to exploit a wide range of KE opportunities; b) universities that had increased their KE specialization had implemented boundary and diagnostic control system interventions targeted at staff members performing specific KE activities; and c) universities that had reoriented their KE profiles had used a mix of interventions. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Most HEIs across different continents have aspirations of successful accreditations by national or international agencies to lend credence and credibility to their educational products & services offerings. These aspirations underscore the assessors’ performance evaluations per the accreditation standards, criteria & protocols, culminating in accreditation reports of commendations, suggestions, or recommendations. Often overlooked potential issues are resulting action plans developed in piecemeal modes by programs unrelated to the program’s objectives for Organization Performance Management (OPM), thereby weakening the fullest beneficial actions. At a higher level, these piecemeal actions might not be aligned with the college’s strategic & operational objectives, thereby affecting a coherent and consistent strategic direction of all programs within the college. At the institutional level, this is compounded by the programmatic to collegial to institutional levels non-alignment, thereby affecting the overall institution’s strategic direction and holistic performance management. In addressing inherent issues of strategic & operational alignment of an institution with multidisciplinary collegial & programmatic OPM, this paper proposes a 5- Levels-Analysis, Development & Alignment (ADA.) Framework to analyze, develop and align the Vision, Mission, Goals & Values (VMGV), SMART Objectives, and Strategic & Operational Action Plan across the Institution, Colleges & Programs (ICP). Within this generic 5-Levels-ADA framework is the integrated application of (1) Quality Discipline tool of Plan, Do, Check & Act (PDCA), (2) Strategic Management Discipline of the Strategic & Operational Plans guided by the Vision, Mission, Goals & Values (VMGV) and SMART Objectives of the organization, (3) Organization Performance Excellence Discipline of Approach, Deployment, Learning & Integration (ADLI) of MBNQA. This is supplemented by the fundamental 5 Ws & 1 H (What, Why, Who, Where, When & How) rationalizing model for the VMGV & SMART Objectives Positioning Framework analysis, development, and alignment of strategic & operational action plans across multidisciplinary programs & colleges. It is expected that this 5-Levels-ADA Framework can better benefit the ICP towards a more aligned strategic direction, better resources management & allocations, minimizing duplications of systems & mechanisms if the generic institution systems are developed to be perused by the ICP, allowing the programs to focus on the main roles of their teaching, learning & research. © 2022, Southeast Asian Association for Institutional Research. All rights reserved.
Copper is an important strategic resource for the national economy and social security of China. Water use is a significant component of copper production. However, water shortages and water pollution are two global crises in water resource management. In this study, a copper production industry in China was studied from the perspective of water footprint (WF) and ecological industry (eco-industry). A WF inventory was built by accounting for the entire production and supply chain process, including mining, ore dressing, transportation, smelting, and electrolysis. An index system comprising target, criterion, and variable layers was established to evaluate the sustainable utilization of water resources. It was observed that the studied industry showed a good sustainability for water resource utilization. Only 65.67 tons of freshwater per ton of product was inputted in the entire process due to virtual water (VW) and the use of reclaimed water. However, the WF of each ton of cathode copper product was 162.58 t, and the imported VW of the eco-industry accounted for 92.45%. Increasing the VW import and reducing the VW export can alleviate water shortages. A detailed WF analysis showed that the effects of evaporation and different types of losses on the blue WF (BWF) were significant and should be considered. Upstream water consumption of electricity and other energy sources were also observed to be an important part of the BWF. Regardless of whether freshwater or recycled water was used, the WF can be reduced only by effectively reducing water consumption. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A high-quality water environment is a strategic demand for constructing Beijing's Sub-center. Controlling non-point source (NPS) pollution is the key to water environment management in Beijing's Sub-center. We developed a water environment model of Beijing's Sub-center using MIKE 11. Ammonia-Nitrogen and Total Phosphorus concentrations and Chemical Oxygen Demand were used as pollution indicators. Water quality response to the control of agricultural and urban NPS pollution under different scenarios was predicted. The effects of different scenarios were evaluated. Results show that water quality in Beijing's Sub-center can be considerably improved by controlling emissions of NPS pollution. Reducing agricultural NPS pollution is the key to reducing Ammonia-Nitrogen and Total Phosphorus concentrations and improving water quality. Results also demonstrate that water quality response varies with land use type. This study aims to provide reliable and practical information to support water pollution control in Beijing's Sub-center, especially NPS pollution. This water environment model fills the gap in the NPS pollution simulation in rivers in Beijing's Sub-center and promotes the application of the water environment model in water pollution management. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Job analysis has been identified as a critical issue in human resource management (HRM); little research has focused on the relationship of work-related ethics between JA (JA) and HRM strategic decisions. This study aims to determine the effect of JA on human resource management strategic decisions at Jordanian institutions of higher education. We also examine how the impact of JA varies depending on how prevalent administrators' work-related ethics are in each institution. The study's sample includes (420) individuals who work in supervisory academic and administrative roles at four universities. We test our proposed model in both public and private universities in Jordan's northern region, using structural equation modeling (SEM) to analyze the data. According to the findings, JA positively impacts HRM strategic decisions. On the other hand, administrators' work-related ethics considerably moderate the influence of JA. Theoretical and practical implications are discussed. © 2022 NSP Natural Sciences Publishing Cor.
The geographic information systems (GIS) play an important role in all geospatial aspects of assessment, monitoring, and management of inland open water resources for strategic development in the fisheries sector. In India, reservoir fisheries development is one of the flagship programme and several initiatives have been taken up towards enhancement and sustainable development. The present study investigates spatio-temporal changes in ecology and fisheries in Hirakud reservoir, Odisha, build across river Mahanadi which features one of the largest dams in South Asia during 2016–17 to 2018–19. The reservoir is mainly utilized for electricity generation, irrigation and offers tremendous scope to support fisheries and livelihood. The mean water spread area during 2016–17 to 2018–19 was at the minimum (42721 ha) during premonsoon period and was at the maximum (62059 ha) during monsoon. Most of the water quality parameters including nitrate, BOD, and alkalinity during 2016–17 to 2018–19 were higher in the premonsoon period and overall, the parameters were under favorable range for fisheries. The present investigation from the fish landing sites of the reservoir, recorded merely 40 fish species, indicating loss of fish diversity as compared to the historical reports. The IUCN conservation status showed that among the 40 species only one species, Wallago attu is under the VU category and 4 species Chitala chitala, Ompok bimaculatus, Ailia colia, and Bagarius bagarius are under the NT category. The fish production in the reservoir was 8200 t during 2018–19. The analysis of time series annual fish catch data using the ARIMA model forecasted the increasing trend of fish production. The water quality parameters were presented in the GIS platform for a better understanding of the spatial variations over time. Habitat protection of fish breeding grounds, closed seasons, mesh size regulations, scientific management, and community participation are recommended as the measures for conservation of fish diversity and sustainable enhancement of fish production in the reservoir. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Energy consumption for sustainable development has become a crucial issue in recent years. The anthropogenic effects of traditional energy sources (non-renewables) underscore the need for renewable energy and efforts to promote its adoption have comprised policy makers’ strategies to achieve sustainable development. At the same time, institutional stability is a necessary element needed to meet the goal of sustainable development via improved management of resources and technology diffusion. The literature shows some contradictory findings on this matter and this study aims to clarify. Thus, this research scrutinizes the contribution of renewable and non-renewable energies in sustainable development while also taking into account financial development and institutional quality in ASEAN countries from 1980 to 2018. To assess for co-integration, a pooled mean group (PMG) regression technique is employed and the findings from this technique are verified by using fully modified ordinary least square (FMOLS), dynamic ordinary least square (DOLS), and canonical cointegration regression (CCR) techniques in conjunction with other panel-based econometric procedures to evaluate the robustness of the model. The findings reveal a significantly positive influence for renewable energy and a significantly adverse impact for non-renewable energy with respect to sustainable development in ASEAN countries. In addition, the results indicate that institutional quality and financial development have adverse effects on sustainable development. Therefore, this research recommends sustainable management of non-renewables and greater promotion of renewables by strengthening institutional quality in ASEAN countries. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
The objective of this article is to explore the combined effects of corporate social responsibility (CSR), green transformational leadership and knowledge transfer on responsible green innovation and to analyse their impact on agribusiness business performance in the context of a developing country. There is no research that integrates joint effects on responsible innovation with a focus on process inputs and increased greening capabilities in agricultural units. Moreover, we have integrated transformational green leadership to better explain this impact as a differentiator. Results show both knowledge transfer and green transformational leadership have positive relationships with responsible green innovation, and the latter has a positive impact on environmental, economic and strategic performance dimensions. Overall, our results establish that CSR is an external driver that reinforces knowledge transfer with an emphasis on collaboration. CSR also reinforces green leadership functions through synergies in conjunction with green human resource management practices. © 2022 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Prior works have suggested various strategies to increase construction waste recycling (CWR) rates. However, choosing the strategies is challenging without a lateral comparison. Therefore, this study aims to compare the usability of various strategies that target the enhancement of CWR implementation. To achieve this purpose, thirteen CWR enhancement strategies were identified from a systematic literature review. Then, questionnaire survey data were collected from 106 construction project managers. The collected data were analyzed via mean score ranking, normalization, overlap analysis, agreement analysis, and factor analysis. Additionally, the data were analyzed using a proposed formula for computing usability indexes using the cost, easiness, and effectiveness values. The results show that three strategies have high usability indexes: organize temporary bins in each construction zone, identify construction activities that produce recyclable materials, and enhance company policies related to CWR. These strategies with high usability indexes are consistent with the overlapping cheap, effective, and easy strategies. This study provides researchers and practitioners with optimal strategies for enhancing CWR implementation. Effective CWR enhancement strategies can improve CWR rates in construction projects. Future researchers can also adopt this study’s approach in computing usability indexes through questionnaire surveys. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
To achieve the optimal energy allocation for the auxiliary power unit (APU) and battery of a range-extended electric vehicle, a novel hybrid-point-line energy management strategy (H–P-LEMS) has been proposed from a multi-scale view. First, a multi-objective optimization (MOO) model is established which takes into account energy consumption, emissions and battery life. The barebones multi-objective particle swarm optimization is applied for solving the MOO problem. And a dynamic programming-optimized algorithm is applied to obtain the optimal curve/area of APU to establish objective function of MOO. Then, an adaptive approach uses a fuzzy logic controller with the battery consideration to adjust parameters in real time. Simulation results show that there is a clear conflict that three optimization objectives cannot be optimal at the same time and the final optimization solution with optimal comprehensive evaluation index is selected to evaluate the performance of the proposed methodology. Finally, the simulation and experimental results thoroughly indicate that the proposed H–P-LEMS has better balance than conventional rule-based energy management strategy (EMS). As expected, economy improvement, emission reduction and prolonging the battery service life are kept in balance effectively. And this result can be used to develop EMS to improve comprehensive performance levels. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
International strategic alliances (ISAs) are an important strategic tool for local firms, and management scholars have long been interested in determining their drivers, such as brokerage positions, using social network theory. However, the different types of brokerage positions in competition networks have been underexplored. To fill this knowledge gap, we theorize that the information benefits of a brokerage position in competition networks are constrained, and this may significantly influence the alliance formation of a firm. In studying the U.S. telecommunications equipment manufacturing industry, we observe that as firms enter brokerage positions in competition networks, ISAs, particularly upstream ISAs, become more likely to form. Our findings imply that the properties of competition networks motivate local firms to search for external resources to decipher the codification or tacitness of information access from competitors. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Osteoporosis has been recognized as a civilization disease. This chronic condition needs a long-term management plan with a holistic approach to patients. The specificity of the patient’s response to the disease and coping strategies are very important in the treatment process. The aim of this research was to analyze the strategies of coping with disease preferred by patients treated for osteoporosis, and to determine the relationship between the self-assessment of patients’ health, time of treatment, sociodemographic variables, and strategies of coping with a chronic disease such as osteoporosis. The study was conducted from August 2016 to July 2018 at an osteoporosis clinic in eastern Poland. Coping Orientations to Problems Experienced (COPE) by C.S. Carver, M. F. Scheier, and J. K. Weintraub in the Polish adaptation and our own questionnaire were used. The study participants were 312 patients treated for osteoporosis. The respondents treated in the osteoporosis clinic used the strategies of seeking support and focusing on emotions to the greatest extent, and avoidance strategies the least. Sociodemographic features and self-assessment of health condition significantly differentiate the strategies of coping with the disease. The analysis showed that the higher the assessment of the individual perception of one’s own health, the more often the respondents used active coping strategies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article.
Ecological compensation has been the favorite subject of ecological depletion caused in mining areas with the aim of sustainable development. So, an analytical model is presented to assess the knowledge innovation of ecological compensation. Later, the methods of factor analysis, resistance diagnosis, and multiple regressions are integrated to evaluate its satisfaction in the Huainan mining area. The study found that (1) the influence of factors related to work mechanism is identical, while the influence of factors related to strategic planning and action skills is heterogenous; and (2) in terms of the relative importance of the three dimensions of work mechanism (0.479), strategic planning (0.467), and action skills (0.351), their influence decreases in order. The results can provide reference materials for the effective governance of ecological compensation and its scientific management of ecological safety in the mining area. So, the findings can help for better improvement of ecological compensation, and then the following strategies are proposed to improve its knowledge innovation: First, the harmonious development of individual behavior and overall interests needs to be realized; Second, the coordinated development of top-level design and adherence to faith needs to be optimized; Third, the interactive development guided by competence and mass entrepreneurship and innovation needs to be achieved. Copyright © 2022 Xing, Gang and Yao.
Divergent but complementary perspectives have been articulated regarding how management practices and their implementation influence firm performance. Integrating such perspectives in the human resource (HR) management literature, we examine how HR management practices formulated at firm level interact with HR decisions at lower levels, and how this affects firm performance. HR implementation models have proposed that consistency in HR practices across organizational levels and units is key; conversely, idiosyncratic deals (i-deals) theory advances individualization as a central principle, suggesting that lower-level initiative in making decisions that reflect local circumstances should have beneficial effects. Addressing the interplay between the consistency and individualization perspectives in a sample of 870 employees nested in 36 firms, we present evidence suggesting that individualized HR decisions positively affect firm performance only in the presence of strong firm-level HR practices. This interplay occurs through two mediating social exchange processes: perceived organizational support and perceived distributive justice. © 2021 Society for the Advancement of Management Studies and John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The textile industries role on imminent hazardous environmental impact has global attention. The remediation of textile effluent is often challenging because of the presence of a wide variety of pollutants like dyes, acids, bases, metal salts, and microorganisms. The use of biological recycling methods are contemplated to mitigate the hazardous pollutants from textile effluent to reduce environmental pollution, threatening the sustainability of living organisms. This review aims to furnish an insight into the recent advancements and challenges in biotechnological processes focusing on economic and cutting-edge technologies in the treatment of textile effluents. Recent trends using integrated biotechnological approaches and bioprocess engineering represent strategic opportunities for economic textile effluent management. Studies on advanced in-silico and multiomics (proteomics, genomics, metabolomics) approaches have been highlighted. This review also identifies the gaps and issues in effluent treatment operations. Several case studies on waste effluent treatment and recycling practices in India are also reported. Important legislation and laws for regulating and controlling textile waste effluent are also described. © 2022 The Authors
Research Summary: One of the key features of boss-less organizations is self-selection, where each employee is allowed to both initiate and join projects freely. While this approach has been gaining in popularity within many big and small organizations, we have a limited understanding of its properties, limitations, and key mechanisms. In this article, we analyze the efficacy and boundary conditions of employee self-selection with respect to project selection and employee allocation. Our results suggest that the relative balance between an organization's human capital and the number of opportunities it faces plays a critical role in determining the advantages of self-selection, which performs better when human capital is scarce relative to opportunities. We also examine common policies that organizations use to further improve the efficacy of self-selection. Managerial Summary: Self-selection or allowing employees to either launch their own or join existing projects freely, has been recently gaining in popularity. Companies across different industries have found this approach advantageous and have been pursuing it either across the entire organization, in selected units, or part time. In this article, we formally analyze the advantages and disadvantages of self-selection and its different variants. We show that self-selection is best pursued in organizations where the magnitude of opportunities outstrips available human resources. However, in environments where opportunities worth pursuing are in short supply relative to available employees, hierarchical arrangements tend to fare much better. We put forth a set of conditions that can help managers decide when self-selection would be appropriate and when it may hurt performance. © 2021 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: This paper aims to determine how a strategic innovation framework that integrates the concepts of innovation function, dynamic performance management (DPM) and system-dynamics (SD) modelling can measure performance in a supply chain (SC). Design/methodology/approach: The paper provides a strategic innovation framework for an SC by considering three steps. First, a systemic intervention is presented based on the innovation functions that influence SC performance. Second, an analysis of the system's performance is proposed. Third, a model SD-based simulation is designed. The developed framework is explained by employing a case study of the Colombian pig sector SC. Findings: The results reveal that identifying and synchronising the system's performance drivers associated with the innovation functions could improve the inventory in the SC. Practical implications: On the one hand, managers can use the proposed framework to evaluate the innovation investments and understand their impact on operation performance (e.g. on inventories). On the other hand, policymakers may support decision-making to improve policy design (e.g. through investment in R&D). Originality/value: Few studies discuss the impacts of innovation functions on SC performance. This paper aims to fill this theoretical gap and to contribute to the literature by suggesting a novel framework which includes innovation functions. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Universities are today seen as living labs for the creation of knowledge with the aim of transferring it to society. The integration of sustainability is a critical point in this context, as solutions for problems experienced in society can be experimented with regarding physical aspects, such as Solid Waste Management (SWM), and efficiency in energy and water use, but also social aspects such as accessibility, equality, and inclusion. This paper explores the implementation of similar SWM projects in two European universities, Milan-Bicocca University and Instituto Superior Técnico from Lisbon University. Milan-Bicocca was the pioneer project that followed an ambitious model that demanded the removal of all isolated waste bins from inside the offices and rooms, replacing them with waste collection islands in the public spaces. This meant a very coordinated procedure and communication plan, and inspired the pilot project in Instituto Superior Técnico, currently in the expansion phase. This paper describes the implementation of each model and their specificities, and a roadmap is proposed that resulted from the interactions, meetings, and discussions between the two teams, Italian and Portuguese. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Despite the positive role of copper (Cu) in plants and animals, excessive amounts have environmental and health effects. Cu has been excessively accumulating in agricultural soils worldwide due to increased agrochemicals and wastewater use in farming. The increased Cu concentration in soil negatively impacts soil microbes and plants, affecting crop productivity and environmental quality. Here, the status and spatial distribution of Cu in Tanzanian agro-ecosystem were characterized as its information are currently missing. The study assessed 198 soil samples from 10 irrigation schemes and 3 land use, where total and bioavailable Cu were determined and contamination status assessed. The variable Cu status and distribution were observed among studied land use where paddy farming areas had higher total (5892.36 μg/kg) and bioavailable Cu (3342 μg/kg) than total and bioavailable Cu concentration in maize farming areas (total Cu 1522.09 μg/kg and bioavailable Cu 779 μg/kg) and conserved areas (total Cu 4415 μg/kg and bioavailable Cu 3267 μg/kg). The bioavailability of Cu for plant uptake was 52% in maize farming areas, 49.9–63.5% in paddy farming areas, and 48.4–51.6% in reserved areas, where farming areas had higher Cu bioavailability. Contrary to other agro-ecosystems worldwide, all Cu concentration values studied in the Usangu agro-ecosystem are within the acceptable limit (100000 μg/kg). However, this should not have to be taken for granted or ignored; there is a need to set strategic management to maintain Cu levels in agro-ecosystem within acceptable limits to ensure environmental quality, food safety, and sustainability. © 2022 The Authors
Assessing maximal oxygen uptake (VO2 max) is generally considered safe when performed properly for most adolescents; however, for adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), monitoring glucose levels before and after exercise is critical to maintaining euglycemic ranges. Limited guidance exists for glucose level recommendations for the pediatric population; there-fore, the purpose of this retrospective clinical chart review study was to determine the effects of VO2 max testing on blood glucose levels for adolescents with T1DM. A total of 22 adolescents (mean age = 15.6 ± 1.8 years; male = 13, 59.1%) with a diagnosis of T1DM participated in a Bruce protocol for VO2 max from January 2019 through February 2020. A statistically significant reduction in glucose levels between pretest (<30 min, mean = 191.1 mg/dL ± 61.2) and post-test VO2 max (<5 min, mean = 166.7 mg/dL ± 57.9); t(21) = 2.3, p < 0.05) was detected. The results from this current study can help guide health and fitness professionals in formulating glycemic management strategies in preparatory activities prior to exercise testing and during exercise testing. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Although potential benefits and limits of scenarios are well known, few studies verify their impacts on knowledge production and public decision-making in the long term. In this paper, we perform an ex-post evaluation of land-use and land-cover change (LUCC) scenarios produced in 2004 aiming to support water management. The objective is to evaluate to what extent the impacts of those scenarios reflect expectations and to understand which factors influenced the occurrence of impacts. Moreover, we provide insights on the driving forces considered in LUCC modelling that produce plausible scenarios at a watershed level. At the time horizon of scenarios, we used semi structured interviews, combined with a quantitative comparison between observed and simulated LUCC. Results indicate that scenarios fulfilled their original purpose: to support the definition of the local water management strategy. Furthermore, they promoted a multidisciplinary perspective within land managers and facilitated the recognition of challenges and opportunities faced by local farmers. Nevertheless, they failed in creating a shared vision of the future across groups of different actors. The lessons learned from the evaluation are synthesized in guidelines that can be used to enhance impacts of any future scenarios. © 2022 The Authors
This study evaluates a framework developed for the use of computer-based business games in higher education, with the aim of developing specific knowledge and competencies within financial teaching at the Polytechnic University of Madrid. This research was developed through an action research methodology. First, professors developed the learning framework by applying the principles of gamification: mechanics, dynamics, and emotions. Subsequently, researchers evaluated its use. The experiment has been conducted through the introduction of two simulators, Gestionet, in the undergraduate classroom, and Global Management Challenge (GMC), in the master's degree classroom. Triangulation is included, gathering various data from students and firms. A 52-item survey was developed and tested statistically. Neural networks and fuzzy set-approaches were used to analyze students’ responses and understand how the activity stimulates students’ motivation (both intrinsic and extrinsic). Simulators offer multi-layered learning experiences to students and produce soft skills, such as strategic capacity, decision-making, and data analysis, and knowledge from their interactions with others and from their reflections on their actions and outcomes. These results are aligned with the competencies demanded by companies according to an analysis of the Report of the Association for the Progress of Management. This makes the simulator a great opportunity and a very useful tool for all the agents of the educational ecosystem. © 2022 The Author(s)
In arid regions, water resources are under immense pressure and multiple stresses. Excessive use of water resources without proper management occurs in the present situation, and it will be intensified under future climate change conditions. Finding a good strategy for water resources management is essential to preserve sustainability in such watersheds. In this study, the first purpose is to optimize water use for the agricultural crops in the Eshtehard watershed in Iran, where the aquifer is a strategic resource for irrigated agriculture and is facing intensive drawdown because of over-extraction. A hydro-agronomic simulation-optimization approach is used for agronomy and groundwater management in which the agricultural production and water level variation are simulated by linking SWAT and MODFLOW, and the optimal crops pattern is searched for by the PSO algorithm. The crops’ area and their irrigation water consumption are the decision variables with the objective of maximizing the net benefit gained from the crops’ yield while the groundwater drawdown is limited to a pre-defined stability level. For the following purpose, the climate change impact on the optimal crop pattern across the watershed under two representative concentration pathways scenarios (RCPs 2.6 and 8.5) downscaled by the data of the HadGEM2-ES General Circulation Model for the near future is evaluated. Results show that irreparable damage to groundwater depletion is reduced in the optimum state, and lower stress is imposed on the aquifer under the climate change impacts by executing the optimum crop pattern. To see this, a part of the winter wheat and cotton crops’ area must be replaced by winter barley. Also, the crop's irrigation amount must be decreased for winter wheat, winter barley and cotton by 45%, 7%, and 10%, respectively, which reduces groundwater extraction in the optimum situation. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the influence and advantages of leadership multiculturalism on global strategy development through cross-border mergers and acquisitions (CBA) and corporate social responsibility (CSR) from emerging market multinational companies (EMNCs) expanding into emerged markets. The key contribution of asymmetric multiculturalism is a novel finding based on inductive research. We fill a gap by further linking business leader characteristics and corporate strategic actions and examining how multicultural business leaders from emerging markets can be highly effective at CBA and CSR. Design/methodology/approach: The paper draws on in-depth interviews, observations and documentary evidence analyzed with iterative coding, construct definition and thematic development to understand how leadership multiculturalism affects CBA and CSR in an EMNC over time. Findings: The new construct of leadership asymmetric multiculturalism describes strategic advantages accruing to leaders from developing markets who are culturally fluent in both emerging and emerged market milieus. The construct contributes to emergent research on the rise of multicultural leaders and their strategic advantages and delineates a pathway toward identifying advantages of emerging over emerged market business leaders. Research limitations/implications: The research addresses specific CBA and CSR strategies within one emerging market region and EMNC. Future research should further articulate and validate the key construct of asymmetric multiculturalism, further examine its sources, draw more explicit comparisons with data from emerged market leaders, and explore the applicability of these findings to strategic actions and advantages in both emerging and emerged markets. Practical implications: Emerging market corporate leaders should identify and develop pertinent aspects of their own asymmetric multiculturalism in enacting CBA and CSR strategy with respect to EMNCs and firms from developed markets. Emerged market leaders should become more aware of and cultivate their own multiculturalism. Social implications: Asymmetric multiculturalism can be accompanied by heightened awareness of global citizenship — including codes of ethics, environmental challenges, community outreach and fair labor practices — which, in tandem with CBA, can strengthen emerging market firms’ performance and reinforce their global stature and reputation. Originality/value: Asymmetric multiculturalism is a new explanatory construct in the sociological, economic and management disciplines. Emerging markets corporate leaders utilize their multicultural competence to accelerate global CBA and CSR activity and advance strategic opportunities for their firms. The identification of advantages deriving from emerging market leadership capabilities is an unusual finding given the more typical emphasis on the privileges of emerged market leaders and firms. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This study investigates cross-national collaboration to realize benefits in strategic transport projects (STPs) characterized by complexity, ambiguity, and collaboration challenges between project organizations. With the increasing importance of STPs in realizing (developing) countries’ adequate transport needs and demands, we respond to calls for a more in-depth and long-term exploration of the benefits realized in STPs across the project lifecycle. We conducted a multi-method, longitudinal case study of the Addis-Ababa light rail transport project by building on interviews, observations, and secondary data. By adopting a longitudinal perspective, our findings draw out the collaboration challenges, and their impact on benefits realization, in a cross-national STP across the pre-planning, development, and operations phases. We contribute to how organizations collaborate in a cross-national STP to realize pricing and infrastructure benefits, and thereby provide an extension to our understanding of crucial benefits of STPs that go beyond the iron triangle. © 2022 The Author(s)
Purpose: This study aims to explore how professional event associations’ recovery strategies are perceived by members and to measure the consequent influence of the perceived fit of recovery strategies on organizational identification (OI), consistent behavioral intentions and long-term commitment intentions. Design/methodology/approach: Data were collected from current members of professional event management associations who work not only as event planners but also as service providers in the hospitality and tourism industry. The authors used partial least squares structural equation modeling to test the proposed model. Findings: The perceived fit between recovery strategy and internal domains, the self in particular, was found to be the most important in exerting effects directly on OI, and its indirect effects are significant on all the behavioral intentions toward the association, while the perceived fit of recovery strategy with external domains, especially the industry, was not significant with any of the other factors. Practical implications: The findings from the present study provide professional event association leaderships with significant managerial implications in establishing a sustainable business model to retain current members and increase their intentions toward consistent engagement and long-term commitment. Originality/value: Stepping forward from the strategic management and organizational behavior literature in the private sector, the authors shed light on a crisis recovery mechanism of professional associations in the event industry, to the best of the authors’ knowledge, the first such attempt in the event management literature. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The intersection of sustainability and corporate governance is particularly evident in leadership diversity, which has gained increasing prominence in recent years. The central question of leadership diversity’s impact on firm performance remains open, including for Asia, which has been relatively less-studied. This paper seeks to contribute to this literature, adopting a multi-dimensional view of leadership diversity in Singapore’s public-listed companies. We examine diversity in boards and senior management combined, in order to better understand the impact of diversity among firm strategic leadership. Based on random effects regression analysis using data from 577 companies, our results generally provide support for a beneficial diversity impact. Gender, age, and education leadership diversity were found to have a positive influence on financial performance. We further found gender diversity and performance to have an inverted U-shaped relationship, with the inflexion point being gender parity. This suggests a potentially important role for gender parity in firm leadership governance. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Corporate foresight (CF) has received increasing attention from scholars and practitioners alike. Due to the increasing environmental complexity and unpredictability that the corporate world is encountering, companies from various sectors have realized the need to engage in CF to mitigate uncertainty. However, current research on the topic remains fragmented and lacks conceptual connection. This study, therefore, aims to examine the extant CF research and provides a systematic insight into its key components. Through a narrative synthesis of a sample comprising 73 articles published over the last two decades in leading business and management journals, we developed an integrative framework that maps the key elements underpinning CF literature (including antecedents, tools/activities, moderators, technology, and outcomes) and explicates their interplay. We also highlighted the bidirectional effect of technology, as a distinct construct, across CF elements, and discussed the need to identify technology-related boundary conditions that may influence the manifestation of CF outcomes. Moreover, we utilized the developed framework as a platform to identify critical gaps in the CF research and suggest related future research trajectories. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Due to its fragile ecological environment and superior natural and location conditions, coastal areas are receiving extensive attention all over the world. Scientific space control is needed to ensure the harmonious development of the “human-land-ocean” system in this region. The monitoring index system is a crucial grasp of the national territory use control; it is also one of the main contents in the reform of China’s planning system in the new era. Therefore, based on the strategic idea of land–sea overall management and the concept of “life community of human, mountains, rivers, forests, farmlands, lakes, grasslands, and ocean”, this study puts forward three connotations of the index system of coastal spatial planning from the perspective of “function-structure-elements.” Then, adopting the methods of “multiple planning integration” and expert consultation and using the research idea of “setting control objectives, contents, and indicators,” an index system suitable for coastal space control is constructed. The results show that the index system puts forward 33 sub-indexes for coastal ecological space, living space, and production space and provides a basis for the high-quality development of coastal space through the restrictions and requirements on the total amount, bottom line, boundary, conversion, and quality of various spatial elements. This study can provide a basis for formulation, implementation, and later monitoring of coastal spatial planning and provide an index reference for the management of coastal areas in other countries in the world. Copyright © 2022 Guo, Hu, Bai, Yang and Wang.
Adopting and implementing the Industry 4.0 strategy to increase the overall performance of the organization became one of the main aims of organizations. However, ignoring the linkages between implementing strategic decisions and organizational internal factors/forces can endanger and shrink its performance, competitive advantages, and thus its strategic success. In this context, many companies failed to achieve the expected benefits of adopting the Industry 4.0 strategy. Therefore, the gained advantages of adopting the Industry 4.0 strategy should be sustained through perfect and comprehensive integration between Industry 4.0 concepts and the accompanying upgrades and changes in the organizational internal factors/forces. This will capitalize on organizations’ internal strengths and avoid weaknesses or turn them into strengths. In this paper, a conceptual model is proposed to investigate the relation between Industry 4.0 and internal organizational forces and examine their impacts on the sustainable competitive advantages of the organization. In the hypothesized model, three innovation capabilities (i.e., technological, economic, and commercial innovation) have been used to mediate the relation between the internal forces and the sustainable competitive advantages in parallel with Industry 4.0 adoption. The model and the proposed hypotheses have been simulated and tested using partial least squares structural equations modeling software called SmartPLS. The sample size used is 125 responses from different manufacturing fields. The results demonstrate the significant role that the internal organizational forces play in maintaining and sustaining the organization’s competitive advantages in combination with Industry 4.0. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Context: The combination of no-till and stubble retention has been shown to preserve old crop roots, which behave as pathways for water infiltration into water repellent soil, by-passing repellent surface soil layers. Aim: To evaluate the benefits to soil properties and crop performance of seeding close to the previous season's crop rows (near-row sowing) compared with inter-row sowing on water repellent soils. Methods: At four field sites, near Moora, Pingrup and Calingiri in Western Australia and Wanilla in South Australia, measurements were made of: (1) crop performance of near- and inter-row sown crops (Moora and Wanilla); and (2) differences in soil properties between the crop row and inter-row at Wanilla, Calingiri and Pingrup. Key results: Biomass accumulation (Moora) and grain yields (Moora and Wanilla) were significantly improved by near-row sowing compared with inter-row sowing, particularly under no-till and stubble retention, but these differences were reduced after cultivation, which either buried repellent surface soils or disrupted root pathways. At Calingiri and Pingrup, where near-row sowing had been practised for ?4 years, and at Wanilla, soil water contents were higher in the crop row than the inter-row by up to 4% v/v, and this was associated with significantly reduced repellency (Calingiri and Pingrup) and larger communities of wax-degrading bacteria (Pingrup). Conclusions: Near-row sowing may enhance crop production directly through improved water infiltration down root pathways, and indirectly by reduced soil water repellency in the row. Implications: Near-row sowing is potentially a low-cost management for enhanced crop production on water repellent soils.  © 2022
Purpose: This study explores how digital storytelling (DST) approaches can be used for social media campaigns to create more engaging digital content. The ability to better engage with networked publics offers benefits to entities of different scale and scope, since in doing so they establish stronger relationships with their consumers and publics. Design/methodology/approach: A digital discourse analysis combined with a five-layer coded film analysis is applied to a DST video, viewed on Facebook. Findings: Four overarching and overlapping approaches are identified. These are emotional appeal based on clear human ideals, equality and simplicity of characters, simplicity and universal representations. Research limitations/implications: Similar studies are required across varying targeted digital stories of different length and subject matter to distinguish effectiveness. Practical implications: Despite advanced technological capacity for audience segmentation, social media campaigns often include unengaging content. DST offers universal characteristics that can be used by entities to engage with their consumers and publics. Social implications: DST has been used to create learning and pedagogical environments and more participative democracies. Yet its use to strategically engage with networked publics is empirically lacking. The findings of the study can facilitate more effective digital content strategies for entities of all purposes to pursue. Originality/value: Few studies have sought to deconstruct effective short form DST for strategic purposes. This study applies a methodological approach best suited for analysing digital content. The findings provide insights into how strategists and social media managers can create more engaging digital content. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Research Summary: This first collection of articles for global strategy focuses on the relatively new phenomenon of Emerging Market Multinational Enterprises (EMNEs). The first topic to draw real attention to articles in Global Strategy Journal, the study of EMNEs challenges many assumptions about what characteristics make a firm a successful MNE and forces a reconsideration of fundamental questions in strategic management. The articles in the collection provide a good introduction to the topic, but there is much more research on the topic in a variety of journals for those scholars considering the EMNE as a topic for their own research. Managerial summary: In the last couple of decades, we have seen the emergence of EMNEs that are competing globally. This primer on EMNEs points at the specificities of EMNEs including their ownership-specific advantages, their pattern of internationalization, their innovation strategies for catching-up, and not least how their ownership and the home conditions in less developed countries alter their behavior. These are important factors that serve to help scholars to understand the strategies and actions of EMNEs and how they gain their competitive strengths on the global scene. © 2022 The Authors. Global Strategy Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Strategic Management Society.
Resilience and sustainability are two critical factors in supply chain networks (SCNs) to assure business continuity and achieve competitive advantages. Due to the dynamic interconnections between the several parts that comprise a typical SCN such as customers, organizations, sites, departments, geographies, and so on, efficient collaboration between all parts is vital to assure business success, especially in times of uncertainty and unpredictable disruption. Collaborative risks such as poor communication, deficient information exchange, lack of trust, lack or deficient access or reach, just to name a few, that essentially emerge as a result from a shift toward one of the extremes of the collaborative dimension (lack of collaboration or collaborative overload) are very often invisible; however, they are responsible for undesired outcomes such as production defects and delivery delays, just to name a few. In this work, a strategic process to identify and manage collaborative risks in SCNs to help improve resilience and sustainability is proposed. The proposed strategic process analysis contains three key SCN’s collaborative dimensions ((1) network access or reach, (2) trust, and (3) communication) applying graph centrality metrics, looking for emergent collaborative risks in a quantitative way that potentially may threaten an organization’s efficiency and performance, and thus negatively impact resilience and sustainability. A case study conducted in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic is illustrated to describe how organization benefit regarding the timely and quantitative identification of potential behavioral patterns that lead to one of the collaborative extremes. The results show that the application proposed strategic process is very successful in ensuring sustainability improving resilience of SCNs. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The cost of public construction projects is a central topic in project management. However, studies have primarily focused on cost at the project level, not on cost management at the portfolio level. In this paper, we take the perspective of a government agency, conducting a strategic initiative to increase cost-efficiency in their portfolio of construction projects. We use an action research approach to investigate the dynamics of the initiative and the implementation of resulting actions to achieve lasting change towards cost-efficiency. Co-creating actions for cost-efficiency together with the project teams was important for the success of the strategic initiative. For successful implementation, alignment of the objectives of the initiative with organizational strategy, and knowledge transfer between projects is central. This study expands the project management literature regarding strategic cost management of portfolios of construction projects and provides practical guidance for organizations. © 2022
Digital transformation (DT) has changed the means and mechanisms for acquiring knowledge, meaning that higher education institutions (HEI) have changed the form of student-lecturer and teaching‐learning interaction. Digital transformation must have a relevant role in building the hard skills (HS) necessary for academic entrepreneurship, where HS are easily taught and measured. This study analyses the basis of HS for digital academic entrepreneurship, answering the following research hypothesis: What are the hard skills—entrepreneurial education—for digital academic entrepreneurship and how are they formed? An extensive, inclusive literature review revealed that, due to the possibility of editing, reprogramming and generating digital technology, the basis of DT can support the development of HS in higher education students. The results show that HS can be developed considering three major pillars: (i) Management Tools, (ii) Digital Process, and (iii) Digital Products. Since HS are easily taught, this study shows how the use of digital technology can transform this scalable teaching process in order to reach the maximum number of students. It is therefore suggested that those in charge of HEIs use the pillars presented here in the framework proposed to guide their institutions’ strategic planning. With these pillars in mind, the aim is to stimulate the development of innovative business proposals developed in the academic environment and promote digital academic entrepreneurship. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This article highlights how social media data and language analysis can help managers understand brand positioning and brand competitive spaces to enable them to make various strategic and tactical decisions about brands. The authors use the output of topic models at the brand level to evaluate similarities between brands and to identify potential cobrand partners. In addition to using average topic probabilities to assess brands’ relationships to each other, they incorporate a differential language analysis framework, which implements scientific inference with multi-test-corrected hypothesis testing, to evaluate positive and negative topic correlates of brand names. The authors highlight the various applications of these approaches in decision making for brand management, including the assessment of brand positioning and future cobranding partnerships, design of marketing communication, identification of new product introductions, and identification of potential negative brand associations that can pose a threat to a brand's image. Moreover, they introduce a new metric, “temporal topic variability,” that can serve as an early warning of future changes in consumer preference. The authors evaluate social media analytic contributions against offline survey data. They demonstrate their approach with a sample of 193 brands, representing a broad set of categories, and discuss its implications. © American Marketing Association 2022.
Purpose: Professionals and academics need to know what human resource practices are necessary in this Industry 4.0 environment and digital revolution. This research studies some human resource practices in the digital age that favor the implementation of digital transformation. The authors’ arguments suggest that for personnel to be a key asset in digital transformation processes, a strategic alignment is necessary to drive the company toward these objectives. Design/methodology/approach: The hypotheses were tested in a representative sample of 184 manufacturing companies with ten or more employees located in the southeast of Spain, using partial least squares. Findings: The authors’ findings show that human resource practices partially mediate the relationship between strategic alignment and digital transformation. Based on the contingent approach, the authors also maintain that the company must implement human resource practices that encourage employee behaviors that are consistent with the organization's strategy. This strategic alignment and these human resource practices enable companies to achieve digital transformation in search of superior performance. Research limitations/implications: Longitudinal and multilevel studies could increase the strength of the research, which could also include companies from other sectors. Although the technology component is fundamental in digital transformation processes, human capital management is even more important. This research highlights the mediating role of human resource management, where practices such as teleworking, teamwork and employee engagement are essential to foster innovative behavior and implement the digital transformation process. Practical implications: In the new digital environment, companies must adopt a set of human resource practices that favor innovative employee behavior that helps digitally transform their businesses. Originality/value: To the best of authors’ knowledge, this empirical study has not been previously carried out. The theoretical model and hypothesis testing provide strategic value for understanding some of the determinants of digital transformation in relation to human resource management. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In this study a rapid and short Strategic environmental assessment (SEA) conducted to find the existing policy and legal gaps of biomedical waste management regulations during the COVID-19.15 Key Informant Interviews (KIIs) were taken from the regulatory bodies, public and private medical college hospitals, corporations, civil societies, and the third-party organization involved in medical waste management. A DPSIR framework and SWOT analysis shows that the existing biomedical waste management suffers from institutional conflicts, lack of monitoring, and environmental regulations. The revised rules must be implementable with “3-R policy”, and “polluter pays principle,” and environmental impact assessment guided by SEA. © 2021 The Authors
This study investigates the effects of the introduction of a competitor on the behavior of an incumbent electricity producer who used to be a local monopolist. We especially focus on its implications for the incumbent's decision of capacity choice between two different electric power sources: one with a relatively high production cost (peak-load technology), which is represented by gas-fired power generation, and the other with a relatively high capacity-building cost (base-load technology), which is represented by nuclear power generation. We assume that the entrant does not have access to the latter technology, and also that demand fluctuates over time, as is typically the case with any electricity market. We show that the introduction of a competitor increases the capacity of nuclear power generation if and only if the nuclear power capacity is sufficiently costly to establish, in comparison with the marginal production cost of a gas-fired plant. This result also implies that the competition tends to decrease the nuclear capacity when the level of carbon tax, which raises the relative production cost of gas-fired power generation, is sufficiently high. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
Although the management of mergers and acquisitions (M&As) and of projects are connected in practice, they remain disjoined in academia. In this paper, we conceptually bridge the literature on projects and M&As to discuss the transitory nature of organisations by mobilising the concepts of project, programme, and portfolio as alternative modes of organising M&As. As a project, the managerial effort in M&A focuses on completion on time and budget. As a programme, M&As are managed as complex processes of convergence between organisations. As a portfolio, M&A management is part of the ongoing integration efforts within organisations that have grown via M&As. Our contribution to project studies is to position projects, programmes, and portfolios as modes of organising, hence, not as phenomena but as managerial choices used to shape strategic change initiatives, such as M&As. We conclude with implications beyond project studies, thereby drafting a project-based theory of the firm. © 2022
Most recently, DC nanogrid incorporating effective energy management has attracted widespread attention. Due to its favorability to integrate renewable energy sources and emerging power electronic loads, such as photovoltaics and electric vehicles (EVs), DC nanogrid is believed to be able to improve the energy utilization efficiency and mitigate the carbon footprint in the coming decades. Towards a compact, cost-effective, and easy-to-build energy management scheme for nanogrid, this paper presents a pseudo hierarchical management architecture built upon the smart charging point. The proposed architecture incorporates the upper-level central controller with the local power role creatively and comprises two timescale management levels with corresponding operation strategies. In the short-timescale local management level, a state-triggered droop strategy based on the decentralized control mechanism is introduced to realize the autonomous power coordination without extensive communication links. The autonomous vehicle-to-grid (V2G) operation is also implemented with providing real-time power balance capability to unpredicted and short-timescale load variation in peak periods. In the power dispatching level, a multi-mode power dispatching strategy involving six operation modes is introduced to realize the efficient power scheduling for the nanogrid. The effectiveness of the proposed architecture and operation strategy is verified in the detailed simulation model and hardware-in-loop experiment platform. The results show that the real-time, autonomous, and stabilized power coordination in nanogrid could be realized along with a self-regulated V2G operation. Additionally, the peak-shaving and valley-filling of load curve, the satisfaction of EV charging demand, and an improved operation economy are achieved under the proposed architecture and operation strategy. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Artificial intelligence (AI) has become an important driving force leading the new round of scientific and technological revolution and industrial transformation worldwide. AI empowers green radical innovation (GRI), a vital strategic orientation for high-tech enterprises. To explore the relationship between research and development (R&D) investment and GRI and identify the contingency factors that affect the relationship, this paper proposes a framework and conducts a survey to test it. The findings indicate that R&D investment and GRI have an inverted U-shaped relationship, that organizational learning meditates the relationship and that management process innovation and organization structure innovation moderate the relationship positively and negatively, respectively. The findings clarify the intermediate mechanism of the transformation from R&D investment to GRI. They will help high-tech enterprises improve their innovation ability and achieve technological leapfrogging and sustainable development in the context of AI and the green economy. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Reference evapotranspiration (ET) is an important indicator for hydrometeorological change, which integrates atmospheric and surface conditions, and its downward trends have been reported in many regions over the past several decades. Cold regions constitute an important ecological barrier in China; however, few studies focus on change in ET in cold regions. Especially in the cold region of northeast China (CRNEC), as one of the national strategic grain bases, understanding spatial–temporal variations of ET is important for agriculture water management and ecological protection. This study selected the observations at 113 national meteorological stations located in CRNEC and evaluated the trends of ET and their driving factors from 1961 to 2017. Results indicate that annual ET increases from the northeast to the southwest of CRNEC and has an insignificant decreasing trend in the whole study period, in which 33 stations (29.2%) show significant decreasing trends and only 19 stations (16.8%) show significant increasing trends at the 95% confidence level. An abrupt change in ET data is detected from 1994. Reasons for this abrupt change in ET vary largely over the study areas. Analysis shows that wind speed and minimum air temperature are the two major factors that control the change of ET before 1994. It also shows that wind speed and actual vapor pressure are the two major controlling factors after 1994. We also found that ET shows a certain correlation with Pacific Decadal Oscillation and Western Pacific Index, but there is a significant correlation between meteorological factors and teleconnection factors related to ET. These findings will promote agricultural water management and improve water ecological protection in the CRNEC. Graphical abstract: We investigated changes in reference evapotranspiration relationships with atmospheric circulation and its attributions over the cold regions in northeast China during 1961 ~ 2017. The results indicate that the wind speed and minimum air temperature are the two major factors that control the change of ET0 before 1994, and wind speed and actual vapor pressure are the two major controlling factors after 1994. We also found that ET0 shows a certain correlation with Western Pacific Index in the whole period. [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Bamboo has been part of the history and the socio-cultural and economic or livelihood aspects of Indonesia. Bamboo has been recommended as a potential species that could be utilized for community-based development in the rural part of the country as well as for utilization in vari-ous products, from traditional to modern and contemporary processes. However, there is a lack of integrated research on the community’s bamboo for industrial-scale products. This study aimed to determine and assess drivers-barriers to enable the formulation of strategic recommendations aimed at promoting the success of community-based supply of the commodity for the modern bamboo industry in Ngada Regency in Indonesia. The methods were applied by collecting quantitative and qualitative data using literature reviews, questionnaires, interviews, focus group discussions, and direct field observations. Collected data were analyzed by descriptive analysis and assessing both for internal and external factors of drivers-barriers. Research findings showed that the community proceeds from a traditional mindset with regard bamboo resources and utilization but that the community actually already owned social capital to strengthen and drive modern bamboo uti-lization. However, there is still a lack of capacity building for bamboo management. This study also provides policymakers with strategic recommendations to develop integrated programs and regu-lations, support community-based bamboo utilization, improve livelihood, and support rural inclusive economic growth. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
For several decades, studies and conventions have highlighted the importance of the ecosystem services provided by natural resources and biodiversity for humanity and the need to move their management towards a sustainable model. Inthe United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (2015), among its 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), there isalsoSDG 15,“Life on Land”, specifically dedicated to biodiversity, forests and desertification. The aim is to “sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, halt and reverse land degradation, and halt the loss of bio-diversity”.The UNESCO “MAB—Man and Biosphere” Programme could achieve this goal by establishing Biosphere Reserves (BRs). Among them, the establishment of the BR “Etna river valleys” is an opportunity to adopt sustainable development models in the “Etna Park system” (UNESCO site since 2013) for the regeneration of virtuous relationships between cities and rural areas and the promotion of the conservation of natural resources and biodiversity through strategies of territorial enhancement with a multifunctional vision of agriculture and territory. This research aims to provide, through the methodology of “Rough Sets”, a useful tool to support the strategic choices that stakeholders will be called upon to make for the management of the complex environmental, cultural and economic mosaic that characterises the BR “Etna river valleys”.The results show both weaknesses and strengths in the transition towards a sustainable land management model, which will nonethelesshave to be supported and accompanied by information and financial support. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
During a pandemic such as COVID-19, managing public transit effectively becomes a critical policy decision. On the one hand, efficient transportation plays a pivotal role in enabling the movement of essential workers and keeping the economy moving. On the other hand, public transit can be a vector for disease propagation due to travelers’ proximity within shared and enclosed spaces. Without strategic preparedness, mass transit facilities are potential hotbeds for spreading infectious diseases. Thus, transportation agencies face a complex trade-off when developing context-specific operating strategies for public transit. This work provides a network-based analysis framework for understanding this trade-off, as well as tools for calculating targeted commute restrictions under different policy constraints, e.g., regarding public health considerations (limiting infection levels) and economic activity (limiting the reduction in travel). The resulting plans ensure that the traffic flow restrictions imposed on each route are adaptive to the time-varying epidemic dynamics. A case study based on the COVID-19 pandemic reveals that a well-planned subway system in New York City can sustain 88% of transit flow while reducing the risk of disease transmission by 50% relative to fully-loaded public transit systems. Transport policy-makers can exploit this optimization-based framework to address safety-and-mobility trade-offs and make proactive transit management plans during an epidemic outbreak. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Family farming is a lifestyle and agricultural base that has ensured food for the world’s growing population in addition to the family’s own subsistence. However, the intensification of production processes to primarily generate exportable surpluses is based on the constant input of industrial inputs of low local socioeconomic viability. This study aims to evaluate the sustainability of family farms and their impact on the adoption of homeopathy instead of traditional/conventional intensification techniques. The study was conducted at six family farms located in the Serrana Mesoregion, Santa Catarina, Brazil, and include farms were classified according to the management and representativeness of their agricultural activity, i.e., conventional grains-cattle, milk-grains, grains and diversified, and according to their ecological basis, i.e., agroecological and organic. To discuss the sustainability of the family farms that were evaluated, the of metrics emergy synthesis, ecotoxicity potential and socioeconomic indicators are used. The results indicate that conventional diversified property has the best overall performance with regard to sustainability, including emergy yield ratio (EYR 1.88), emergy investment ratio (EIR 1.13), return on assets (1.22), hourly income of work (36.6 BRL/h) and income sufficiency (3.3). Agroecological and organic properties have better performance in renewability (76% and 75%), environmental load (ELR = 0.32 and 0.34), sustainability (ESI = 4.78 and 3.5) and potential ecotoxicity (1.736 and 1.579 kg 1.4 DCB-eq/ha). The contribution of homeopathy in an alternative scenario results in a 19% reduction in nonrenewable flows in conventional management properties and a decrease of up to 91% in ecotoxicity in grain + cattle properties. Using homeopathy, the return on assets and profit margin can be increased by up to 43% and income per hour of work and income sufficiency can be increased by 20% and 16%, respectively. This study contributes to discussions about the importance of using homeopathic therapies as a viable strategy that can be used in strategic public policy plans to improve the sustainability of family farms. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The resilience of the fiscal system has a driving effect on environmental governance, and it is always a challenge to solve the problem of matching fiscal power with administrative power. Based on the panel data of 193 cities in China from 2013 to 2018, the data envelopment analysis method was used to evaluate the comprehensive indicators of urban environmental efficiency. The impact of fiscal stress on environmental efficiency is examined from the perspective of urban horizontal imbalance. We find that the smaller the fiscal stress, the higher urban environmental efficiency. The endogeneity is mitigated by using instrumental variables and the generalized method of moments, and the results are still robust after considering the interference of sample selection bias and variable estimation bias. At the same time, the impact of fiscal stress on environmental efficiency varies with spatial location, ecological strategic planning, economic development, and other factors, especially in southern cities, cities in the Yangtze River Basin, and cities in urban agglomerations, where reducing fiscal stress promotes environmental efficiency. In addition, green production and public environmental services are important channels for its role, and the rational allocation of self-raised funds can effectively moderate the improvement of environmental efficiency. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This study proposes a methodology able to identify strategic ports based on port system situation and different evolution scenarios. In particular, the present paper adopts the analytic hierarchy process as tool for the port selection process in combination with the scenario planning method for measuring and explicitely considering the uncertainty for the future evolution of the port system. The proposed methodology is structured in three main phases. The first phase consists in the database construction for selecting the ports to rank and identifying all the ports characteristics to be used in the selection process. The second phase is the scenario building to identify the possible evolution of the Italian port system in the sector of container traffic. Finally, the third phase is the applications of the analytic hierarchy process for each scenario developed in the previous phase. The key factors have been settled to provide seven criteria and the applications carried out for any scenario are different only in the scores assigned to the criteria according to the different importance assigned to endogenous and exogenous factors. The numerical application of the selection process developed is carried out for the Italian port system after a comparison analysis of situation between before and during Covid-19 pandemia. The application shows that the ports of the Northern Italy are always in the first positions (Trieste, Genoa, La Spezia and Livorno) while the ports of the Southern Italy highlight some limits. The strength and the robustness of the defined process, also in considering uncertainty, are proven by the ranking occupied by Genoa and Trieste, always in the first positions, that in the last years seem more dynamic and interesting than other ports so attracting many investments from private operators. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Logistics is a crucial function for any organisation. In the scenario of a pandemic or other disruptions, the role of logistics becomes even more important. Digitalisation of logistics and the supply chain is seen as an important tool for logistics resilience in such situations, but for developing countries digitalisation poses certain challenges. This study identifies barriers to innovative digitalisation technology that hinder the digital elevation of supply chain logistics during a pandemic. Strategies to deal with and overcome these barriers are proposed. The multi-criteria decision analysis method (Bayesian best-worst method) is used to prioritise such barriers within the context of the Indian logistics sector of manufacturing organisations. The strategies are also prioritised according to their impact on the barriers, for which the additive value function is used. The results show that “high cost of investment”, “lack of monetary resources”, “inadequate internet connectivity”, “lack of IT (Information Technology) infrastructure” and “unclear economic benefit of digital investment” are the top five barriers to implementing innovative digitalisation technologies in developing countries like India, during a pandemic situation. The findings reveal an insight into digitalisation barriers during a pandemic that can be of value to managers and researchers. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
When do mediators say “no” and refuse to manage an escalating conflict, even if they meet all of the prerequisites for jumpstarting a peacemaking process? Empirical studies to date have focused primarily on factors that facilitate the start of mediation efforts. Surprisingly, very little is known about the reasons that motivate third parties' refusal to engage. Working against the backdrop of conceptual frameworks that indicate when mediators say “yes,” this article offers a novel framework for analysis that explicates three conditions that dissuade third parties from mediating. Using the case of the U.S. resistance to mediate the Gulf diplomatic crisis, the article shows that mediators will refuse to mediate conflicts that are characterized by high levels of power symmetry, pronounced structural linkage with conflicting parties, and extensive strategic interests in the conflict-affected area. © 2022 The Authors. Negotiation Journal published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of President and Fellows of Harvard College.
Coastal ecosystems provide important ecosystem services (ESs) and have been subject to conservation and restoration efforts in China for decades. However, ecosystem responses to coastal exploitation activity and their spatial determinants have not been sufficiently evaluated, which limits the efficacy of ecosystem restoration efforts. To fill these gaps, this study assessed the dominant change trends in ESs in southeastern China since the 1980s using an integrated biophysical model. Moreover, we explored the determinants of ESs, their spatial heterogeneity, and spillover effects via spatial econometrics and geospatial analysis approaches. The results indicate that coastal exploitation, particularly rapid urbanization and land reclamation, profoundly altered landscape composition and further affected ESs. In urbanization hotspots, rapid land use/cover conversion (i.e., wetland, woodland, and grassland losses) and increasingly intensive human activities have substantially lowered carbon stock, soil retention, and habitat quality services while increasing water yield and nitrogen export. Environmental, socioeconomic, and landscape variables were identified as important determinants of ES changes and exhibit significant spatial heterogeneity and spillover effects. Our findings indicate that such indicators are highly useful for ecosystem assessments, modeling, and forecasting for ES management and conservation efforts. The identified spatial determinants and their spillover effects demonstrate that regional landscape planning and ecosystem management must consider environmental, socioeconomic, and landscape indicators from a regionally integrated perspective and coordinate cross-border collaborations from neighboring areas to improve the efficacy of ecological projects. Our findings provide important references for scheme optimization and strategy adjustment for ES management, both in the study region and globally. © 2022 The Authors
Shipping has played a pivotal role during the epidemic, ensuring that the global logistics functions without disruption. COVID‐19 hit various industries around the world, and shipping was no exception. How the shipping industry responds to the crisis and simultaneously shoulders its respective responsibility in the world’s battling the crisis is thus worth exploring in depth. This study takes the top 10 global container shipping capacity liners, which account for 84.7% of the worldwide capacity, as research objects. A corpus for text analysis was constructed collecting press releases and advisories issued on official websites of these 10 container shipping companies from January 2020 to July 2021. Comparison studies were made horizontally among ten shipping companies and longitudinally for crisis evolution patterns into three sub‐corpora of Pre/early‐Crisis, Crisis‐in‐Progression, and Post‐COVID‐19‐Era. Quantitative findings were explored and elaborated further under a comprehensive theoretical framework integrating crisis management and communication, corporate social responsibility (CSR), and maritime management (MM). The extracted positive and negative keywords revealed textual characteristics and emergency response strategies on the part of shipping lines in the Pre/early‐Crisis, Crisis‐in‐Progression, and Post‐COVID‐19‐Era. The inclusion of the themes of pursuing sustainability in the shipping lines’ responses to such worldwide crisis as COVID‐19 is out of the common knowledge of crisis management but reveals the commitment and strategies on the part of the industry. The findings provide a reasonably comprehensive picture of the efforts made by large container shipping companies to respond to COVID‐19 and the measures taken to soothe stakeholders. This paper extends and relearns crisis management, CSR, and MM theories through integrating the fulfilling of cooperate social responsibilities in maritime management as the cooperate crisis responses, thus proposing the integrity of the three topics. Moreover, management recommendations are provided for shipping company management, IMO, and port authorities. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: Smart Manufacturing (SM) lies at the core of Industry 4.0. Operations management research has identified several factors influencing firms’ ability to adopt SM. However, a clear understanding of capabilities needed to progress in SM is still missing. This paper aims to investigate how absorptive capacity (AC) allows firms to advance in SM and explore how managerial antecedents support the capacity to absorb SM-related knowledge at different stages of SM adoption. Design/methodology/approach: This study adopts an exploratory approach through multiple case studies. Twelve firms, operating as part of the automotive supply chain and exhibiting different stages of SM adoption, constitute the sample. Findings: The results suggest that advancement in SM requires firms to progressively reinforce their AC. Firms’ ability to acquire and assimilate SM knowledge is supported by managerial antecedents encompassing integrative capacities to bridge old and SM technologies, managerial cognition through the clear alignment of SM technologies with strategic goals and knowledge development capabilities through practices oriented to provide senior managers with SM competences. Originality/value: The findings contribute to SM research by suggesting that AC is a crucial dynamic capability for SM adoption. The results also provide evidence-grounded recommendations to firms engaged in the digital transformation on the managerial capabilities needed to support AC and to progress from lower to higher stages of SM. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Urban environmental management is an effective tool which aims at urban development inline with environmental, social and economic values. The present study aims to provide an environmental management model of Bandar Abbas with an emphasis on ecosystem resilience. The research has been conducted in several steps, the first of which includes the assessment and analysis of resilience of Bandar Abbas city in terms of environmental dimensions and components based on the selection of environmental indicators and components in accordance with the opinions of urban issues experts and access to the available data and information resources, estimation and evaluation of the resilience status of indicators and components of the city. The second step presents the regression equation of resilience under the influence of environmental indicators and components. Also, the third step provides a strategy for the resilience, given the frequency of strategies ranking by the experts and the current environmental situation of Bandar Abbas. The results of the overall resilience assessment indicated that Bandar Abbas is of favorable resilience in terms of the climate, water and soil, vegetation, water, air, water quality and air quality indicators and components, while being of unfavorable resilience situation in terms of the institutional-functional index, citizens’ culture and awareness, waste, sewage and trash management. In general, the environmental resilience situation of Bandar Abbas city was found to be favorable with an estimated value of 3.29 and in a good situation against environmental crises. Finally, an environmental management model has been presented along with the effective strategies from the perspective of Urban Issues experts to improve the resilience of Bandar Abbas city. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
Marine ecotourism is a pivotal sector in the blue economy strategies of many nations and is a vital economic activity for peripheral coastal regions and islands; yet a comprehensive understanding of its socioeconomic importance remains poorly quantified due to a lack of systematic evidence collation. This is even more pronounced when compared with other traditional marine activities (i.e. commercial fisheries), which are the target of monitoring programs that span several decades. The paucity of information on marine ecotourism and the disproportionate influence of traditional activities in decision-making arenas represent a practical impediment to promoting the broader agenda of blue growth and ecosystem-based management for Europe's regional seas. This study presents an assessment of the socioeconomic impact of non-extractive recreational activities closely associated with marine biodiversity (i.e. whale watching, diving and big game fishing) in one of Europe's outermost regions: the Azores archipelago (northeast Atlantic). Data were collected through a series of questionnaire surveys of the clients (n = 1740) and managers of marine-tourism businesses (n = 49). Our results suggest that in 2014 approximately 17% of total visitors to the Azores engaged in marine ecotourism activities generating approximately 80€ million in total expenditures to the regional economy (2.2% of regional Gross Domestic Product). Results also indicate that on average a typical marine ecotourist has longer stay and higher expenditure pattern compared to other visitors. These values add a new dimension to arguments in support of marine conservation and call attention to the comprehensive integration of marine ecotourism activities in management plans. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Barriers to circular economy implementation are adversities that organizations, in general, cannot overcome. Other adversities are relative, that is, true within a particular context of some organizations. In this sense, they would be—in fact—obstacles, which can emerge as a competitive differential for those organizations that have or develop internal capacity to overcome them. The article aims to explore how barriers integrate solutions to face barriers or obstacles in the company and whether this brings a competitive advantage. In order to achieve the aim, 40 interviews were carried out in companies that already have implemented a circular economy in manufacturing strategy. The results suggest that absolute barriers emerge as an extreme theoretical reference of minor occurrence in practice (outliers). However, obstacles are ordinary and frequent events, which can be converted into a competitive advantage as appropriate operations strategies are incorporated into the circular business model to achieve sustainable development. © 2022 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Power in interorganizational strategic projects, used for implementing strategic change, is essential but not well understood. This paper devises a conceptual framework in which power relations, strategic practices and an order and conflict view are integrated. An ethnoventionist approach, including ethnography and interventions, is used to show power relations and strategic practices in an interorganizational change project. This project aimed to improve the collaboration between nine organizations in the joint building of subsurface utilities and telecom networks. The findings show four relevant power relations and the delegating of power from top managers to shop-flow workers, which triggered middle managers to constrain the change process. implementation of these innovations. Theoretically, the study contributes to the debate on interorganizational strategic projects with a conceptual framework including power relations, strategic practices and the order and conflict view, demonstrating the long-term effects of strategic change projects. © 2022
Successful management strategies are important for conservation and allow accurate surveying and monitoring of populations for presence, abundance, and trend. This becomes challenging for cryptic, low-density species, and for animals that have complicated life histories where not every stage of the life cycle can be surveyed effectively. We used information from animal-borne data loggers to characterize the dive-surfacing behavior of cryptic loggerhead turtles (Caretta caretta) in the northwest Atlantic from 2009–2018. Our data covered a large geographic area off the east coast of North America, and allowed us to present estimates for and variation in 3 metrics that can be used to assess availability bias affecting visual surveys: average dive duration, average surface duration, and the proportion of time at the surface. We used a stochastic partial differential equation approach to construct spatiotemporal regression models for the availability bias metrics. Model predictions showed pronounced individual, spatial, and spatiotemporal (seasonal) variation among the 245 turtles. Overall, we estimated an average dive duration of 14.5 ± 1.36 minutes (SE), an average surface duration of 15.1 ± 2.77 minutes, and an average proportion of time at the surface of 0.50 (95% CI = 0.41–0.59). We made predictions of the 3 availability bias metrics on a 20-km × 20-km grid and further used predictions to explore seasonal variations. Our results contribute new insights into loggerhead turtle behavior and provide information that enables survey counts to be translated into more accurate abundance estimates. © 2022 The Authors. The Journal of Wildlife Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Wildlife Society. This article has been contributed to by U.S. Government employees and their work is in the public domain in the USA.
The construction of ecological barriers and ecological security patterns is an important way of maintaining regional ecological security in landscape ecology. However, there is still no con-sensus on the concept and connotation of ecological barriers, and the zoning and adaptive management of ecological sources are rarely considered in the construction of ecological security patterns. This study uses the terrestrial ecosystem of Bohai Bay, China as a study area, and the identification and zoning of ecological sources in the ecological security pattern are achieved by combining an ecosystem service assessment with an ecological risk assessment, and on this basis, ecological barriers are identified to optimize the structure and function of ecological sources. The minimum cumulative resistance model is used to identify ecological corridors and ecological strategic nodes and to construct an ecological security pattern based on the modified ecological sources. The results demonstrate that firstly, 2873.25 km2 was identified as the ecological source, accounting for 14.28% of the total. Secondly, there are three large ecological barrier zones and nine ecological barrier cells with a total area of 1173.06 km2, accounting for 40.83% of the ecological sources. Thirdly, a total of 35 ecological corridors were extracted, and 32 ecological strategic nodes were marked, mainly dis-tributed at the intersection and branches of important ecological corridors. An ecological security pattern construction system was formed with the collection of ecological source selection, ecological barrier identification, ecological resistance surface construction, and ecological corridor extraction. Fourthly, the concept and connotation of ecological barriers was analyzed, and the complementary relationship between ecological barriers and ecological security patterns in terms of structure and function is discussed. This study enriches the definition and connotation of ecological barriers, provides a new framework for identifying the ecological security patterns, and provides scientific guid-ance for ecological protection and management in coastal areas. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzer-.
Elucidating factors that contribute to citation rates of scientific articles can help scientists write manuscripts that have a stronger influence on their scientific field and are accessible to a broad audience. Using a cohort of 778 articles published in The Journal of Wildlife Management from 2011–2015, we examined how visibility strategies, article structure, and focal system (all factors authors can predominantly control) influenced the accumulation of citations over various time frames within the first 5 years after publication, and the number of days until an article received its first citation. Visibility strategies (e.g., open access, increasing the Altmetric Attention Score, and self-citations) all influenced the number of citations accrued following publication. Citations were more stochastic 1 year following publication compared to 5 years following publication, with only 20.1% of papers receiving a citation after 1 year compared to 92.5% of papers receiving a citation after 5 years. Our model explained much more of the variation after 5 years compared to after only 1 year (R2 = 0.57 and 0.12, respectively). The number of factors significantly associated with citation rates increased as the timeframe of our analysis increased. After 5 years, factors associated with article structure (e.g., number of references), focal system (e.g., methods papers), and visibility all increased citation counts of papers. Our work suggests citation rates within wildlife ecology are influenced by a number of controllable factors, and that authors pursuing a variety of visibility strategies can increase the influence of an article on science and management. © 2022 The Wildlife Society.
Daily transportation of wastes due to its environmental, financial, and social aspects has been considered a challenging issue in developing countries’ municipal solid waste management systems. The location of transfer stations as intermediate nodes in municipal solid waste management network affects optimal collection frequency. A sustainable multi-period and multi-trip vehicle routing problem integrated with relocation models was developed to redesign the intermediate transfer stations and find optimal vehicle routes and the best collection frequency for each municipal solid waste generation point. Regarding the social aspects of a sustainable solid waste management system, an extended social life cycle assessment methodology for redesign and routing operations was developed based on the UNEP guidelines. The social life cycle assessment methodology evaluated the probable social effects of the system throughout the entire life cycle using an iterative policy. In this study, selected impact subcategories and inventory indicators for the routing and redesign system were utilized to quantify the system social score. Besides, the developed model was solved for different problem instances. The results indicated that system social score was affected by collection frequencies decisions, redesign policy, and the number of demand nodes. Furthermore, the model was applied to a real-world case study resulting in a total cost reduction of 66% that occurred by a 86% reduction in weekly traveled distance and a 12% decrease in routing social score. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
In this paper, an evolutionary game model for the development of panic buying events in COVID-19 is constructed by studying the dynamic process of the public and the government adjusting their strategic choices and playing a continuous game. This paper uses regret theory to depict the public’s perceived value of the items in the panic buying situation, describes the characteristics of each stage of the rumors spreading process and the evolution process of panic buying events, and introduces the variable of public critical ability to measure the public’s panic buying willingness. The results show that the government’s intervention measures according to the characteristics of different stages can effectively control the continuous fermentation time and influence the scope of panic buying events. The implementation of the government’s rumor-refutation strategy will also significantly affect the volume of public panic buying, which will help the government timely understand the public’s epidemic prevention needs in COVID-19, relieve public panic, and provide a basis for the effective management and scheduling of emergency supplies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This study proposed combining problem-based learning (PBL) with different collaboration learning strategies in flipped classrooms to improve learners’ learning motivation and learning outcomes. The main idea was to design a teaching process based on the concept of flipped classrooms. The proposed method was adopted to design learning objectives, learning content, and group activities, thereby forming new teaching strategies for developing students’ independent learning, logical thinking, problem-solving skills, learning outcomes, and learning motivation. We used the C# programming language as the learning target and recruited 96 students from a first-year class of the Department of Information Management of the Southern Taiwan university of Science and Technology as participants. During the experiment, the participants were divided into an experimental group with heterogeneous subgroups and a control group with random subgroups, and pretest and posttest data obtained during the programming course were used to evaluate the learning effects of the proposed teaching strategies. In addition, a questionnaire was used to explore learning motivation through three aspects: flipped classroom, PBL, and collaborative learning. The results of this study indicated that the proposed teaching strategies improved the participants’ learning outcomes. The experimental group exhibited higher improvements in learning outcomes than did the control group. Significant results were obtained for all the items of the adopted questionnaire. Thus, the participants provided positive ratings to the flipped classroom model designed in this study. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: To deal with the present situation and recover after the COVID-19 pandemic, construction firms are required to recognise the trends in construction supply chain management (CSCM) for the upcoming years and determine the appropriate practices towards the trends for the improvement of construction activities in terms of strategy, tactic and operations. This paper aims to recognise key trends in CSCM and uses these trends as strategic criteria for the evaluation and prioritisation of lean construction (LC) tools at different project phases including design and architectural engineering, planning and control, on-site construction and safety management. Design/methodology/approach: The integrated analytic hierarchy process–Delphi method is used to collect and analyse the data from construction experts to evaluate the importance levels of the CSCM trends and recommend the appropriate tools for LC practices to improve project performances. Findings: Seven key CSCM trends are identified: lean supply chain management (SCM), supply chain (SC) integration, SC standardisation, SC problem-solving, SC information-sharing, SC flexibility and SC sustainability. Based on these trends, a set of prioritised lean tools are suggested for LC practices, in which “virtual design construction” (VDC) and “last planner system” are considered as the central tools. These two LC practices can be integrated with other effective tools to support the strategic, tactical and operational targets in construction supply chain (CSC) projects. Research limitations/implications: This study gives the managerial implications by developing an application framework of LC practices for CSC projects. The framework promotes “VDC” as a strategic tool for the phase of design and architectural engineering and considers “last planner system” as the central LC practice for the phase of project planning and control. The framework also focuses on the improvement of efficiency in construction operations by taking into account the aspects of on-site collaboration, problem-solving, improvement and safety. Originality/value: Up to date, there is still a lack of researches in classifying and prioritising the significant LC tools for each project phase to deal with CSC issues in both breadth and depth. Thus, this study is performed to provide construction managers with the awareness of CSCM trends on which they can focus to have strategic criteria for selecting LC practices to improve CSC performances. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Concerns around healthy and sustainable food, particularly regarding the standardization of production, cost control, and revenue maximization, are issues challenging food and beverages researchers and professionals. There are some available models to create standardized recipes for food and beverages, but they are weak in holistic terms from the point of view of management and legally required information. The purpose of this study was to develop an artifact, an online holistic standardized recipe, to allow the management of information in terms of recipes, costs, allergens, sustainability, nutrition facts, and menu pricing strategies. The research approach was conducted using a design science research methodology developed in two cycles. The artifact was produced from a literature review conducted to define the design principles, and it was evaluated across exploratory focus group and field study phases. The primary outcome of this research was the development of an online holistic standardized recipe. The artifact was considered relevant and useful by the stakeholders participating in the exploratory focus group and field study. However, studying the edible portion and the average weight of the recipe ingredients is necessary for the artifact to become more robust. The paper provides new insights and practical guidelines for academics and professionals in the food and beverage industry. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).
This paper presents findings from a stochastic benefit-cost analysis (BCA) using Monte Carlo simulations to estimate the probable values for net benefit and benefit cost ratio for a series of proposed strategic and operational water management options under climate change and socioeconomic development. The study is performed in the Tacna region in southern Peru, geographically within the Atacama Desert and under prevailing water scarcity conditions. We examined the benefits and costs to four main water users: urban, agriculture, mining and the environment over a 30-year time horizon. The main scenarios under consideration include reduced water demand from improved water use efficiency in the urban and agriculture sector, and investment in water supply infrastructure including inter-basin infrastructure and dams, a desalination plant, and increased groundwater extraction. Our findings suggest that implementation of demand-side management strategies, which in this instance is investment in water use efficiency technology and water conservation measures result in more favourable net benefit outcomes than investment in water supply infrastructures. The primary outcome of this study is to help the Regional Government of Tacna, Peruvian water authorities and water users, make more informed decisions about water investment options going forward, thereby supporting regional development opportunities. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to propose an overarching unifying theory where first-mover advantages are a conditional effect, not a main effect. By offering a closer look at how the firm, market and product characteristics influence the supply and demand of innovations, this research furthers our understanding of the advantages and disadvantages for first movers. Design/methodology/approach: This paper explores first-mover advantages as a conditional effect. Adopting a contingency perspective, the authors review the literature in marketing, strategic management, innovation and entrepreneurship to offer a conceptual framework putting innovation success at the core of first-mover advantages. The authors develop an inventory of propositions specifying how first-mover advantages depend on various firm features, market characteristics and product properties through their effects on the success of innovations. Findings: A conceptual framework centered around innovation success yields testable hypotheses that are coherent with extant research on first-mover advantages and reconcile the seemingly contradictory evidence in that body of work. Practical implications: This research provides managers with the opportunity to think about one of the most important decisions, i.e. time of entry, not as a linear finite decision, but instead as a flow with the innovations and potential for their success in mind. Originality/value: This paper distinguishes itself from the existing literature with its focus on innovation within a contingency perspective for first-mover advantages. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Policymakers are developing response strategies to reduce the impacts of COVID-19. However, developing response strategies without considering their relationships with the impacts of COVID-19 is ineffective. This study aims to model the causal relationships between COVID-19 impacts and response strategies in the construction industry, using Malaysia as a case study. To achieve this, a systematic literature review and semi-structured interviews with forty industry professionals were conducted, yielding 12 impacts and 22 response strategies. The impacts and strategies were inserted into a survey, and 107 valid responses were received. Exploratory factor analysis (EFA) was conducted to group the impacts and strategies. Then, partial least-squares structural equation modeling (PLS–SEM) was employed to identify the causal relationship between the impacts and strategies. The EFA results indicate that the underlying impacts are project-or material-related, and the underlying strategies are market stability and financial aid, supply chain and project support, and information and legislation. The PLS–SEM results indicate that supply chain and project support are required to address material-related impacts, and market stability and financial aid are required to address project-related impacts. This is the first paper that models the relationships between COVID-19 impacts and response strategies in the construction industry. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper draws on the newly developed notion of “natural resource orchestration” to propose and test a framework that shows how the use of environmental performance measurement systems mobilizes green intellectual capital to influence organizational performance. More precisely, this study examines to what extent companies place emphasis on the use of environmental performance measurement to translate green intellectual capital into enhanced organizational performance in terms of both economic and environmental performance. Based on a survey of 105 Iranian public listed companies, the results show that two elements of green intellectual capital, namely, green human capital and green structural capital are positively associated with both environmental performance measurement use and environmental performance. In contrast, green relational capital affects environmental performance only in the presence of environmental performance measurement as a mediating variable. By embedding the resource orchestration theory in the management accounting and intellectual capital settings, this study contributes to the existing literature and sheds light on the issue of how companies need to synchronize their green resources with proper organizational control systems to reap the maximum benefits of those green strategic resources. © 2022 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
An organization’s performance in a project is determined by its ability to implement project management knowledge and practices. This ability reflects the organization’s level of project management maturity (PMM). PMM is premised on the belief that the higher the PMM level, the higher the ability to successfully deliver a project. With this in mind, the current paper aims to determine the type of organizational aspects and practices that could influence the success of PMM implementation in organizations. For this purpose, a systematic literature review (SLR) was performed on 23 articles published between 2011 and 2021 that studied PMM. The findings showed that most articles stressed organizational culture and integration with strategic organizational initiatives. Among all the studied industries, the information technology industry stood out. Content analysis was used for analyzing data, which were thematized using ATLAS.ti. Ten sub-themes emerged, with six sub-themes under organizational aspects and four sub-themes under organizational practices. These sub-themes, which were intertwined with the implementation and growth of PMM in organizations, positively impact project delivery performance. Based on this, several future research opportunities were proposed. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In this article we pay attention to the different analytical layers that compose the managerial context of university-industry relationships – a cornerstone of entrepreneurial universities. Specifically, we address the dynamics of joint university-industry laboratories, a typical example of high-quality engagement between academia and industry. Joint university-industry laboratories are understood as long term joint undertakings shared by universities and industry targeted at generating value for all parties involved through various channels. Given the different missions of universities and industry, joint laboratories inherit special challenges for management. Our exploration therefore outlines four complementary dimensions of interest in this context: the macro environment, university-level institutional challenges, strategic context and, lastly, we deal with individual-level aspects when analyzing identity issues involved in the dynamics of joint university-industry labs. A research agenda is derived from these explorations. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Introduction: The number of health care simulation centres (HSCs) in mainland China has increased exponentially recently. However, the performance of these centres varies significantly between hospitals. The aim of this study is to address two research questions: (i) what are the critical factors for implementing high-performance HSCs and (ii) how are these critical factors used in the development of implementation strategies to achieve satisfactory performance?. Methods: Following a literature review on information technology (IT) implementation, we identified a framework comprising four key dimensions for HSCs implementation: technology, organisation, environment and individuals. This TOEI (technology-organisation-environment-individual) framework was then used as a basis for a multicentre case study through which data collection and analysis proceeded. We collected 12 one-to-one in-depth interviews alongside secondary data from six high-performance HSCs in mainland China. Results: Our study identifies critical TOEI factors that collectively influence HSC implementation performance and major activities at the six high-performance HSCs. Three strategies for implementing high-performance HSCs are also identified: facility management platform, education and training centre and innovation centre. Conclusions: HSC implementation is an holistic approach. The critical TOEI factors collectively build a foundation for centre activities. An HSC's implementation strategy highly relies on organisational strategic goals. Additionally, HSCs in mainland China face some common challenges such as faculty retention and future opportunities such as expanding the research scope. Our study also provides insights for hospital leadership, medical associations and policymakers. © 2022 Association for the Study of Medical Education and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This study aims to identify and compare the objectives and elements of three emerging concepts, Health, Sustainability, and Resilience (HSR), which are proposed in this paper working together to provide a better response to the post-pandemic challenges that cities face today. This paper argues that it is possible to create sustainable, healthy, and resilient environments by reconnecting with nature through biophilic design (BD) by answering the following questions (1) What would be the common variables and elements when seeking to create a sustainable, healthy, and resilient environment and (2) How can those resultant elements be linked to biophilic design patterns to achieve solutions focused on improving people's health and well-being by reconnecting with nature? Consequently, this paper tries to integrate biophilic design with the healthy, sustainable, and resilient environments while comparing the variables and indicators of each concept to demonstrate that there is a common connection between them. As a result, 19 overlapping concepts are identified through the content analysis method, namely: safety, crime, risk, adaptability, environment, green, land, water, pollution, food, affordability, housing, education, transportation, planning economics, policy, community, and management. Finally, it is shown that 16 of the 19 concepts are closely related to biophilic design. In conclusion, through biophilic design, it is possible to solve the problems represented in the HSR model. For those that are not contemplated by any of the patterns, it provides an opportunity for further research. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This study explores the potential effects of electricity pricing on crop cultivation in Saudi Arabia. The country recently started implementing a domestic energy price reform strategy to make energy consumption more sustainable and increase government revenues as highlighted in the Fiscal Balance Program one of the key realization programs of Vision 2030. Two modeling schemes were developed to complete this analysis. First, a model that applies physical equations to estimate water and energy requirements for 21 crops across 13 provinces. Second, an optimization model that runs iteratively to determine short-run electricity costs, import costs and export revenues. The main finding from the model simulations is that increasing electricity prices will shrink the domestic cultivation and exports of the crops while increasing their imports. For example, as an extreme case, if the agriculture electricity price is raised from $0.048 per kWh to the US industrial electricity price level of $0.692 per kWh, the model optimizes that this will reduce electricity consumption from 33.65 gWh to 7.84 gWh, domestic crop cultivation from 15.1 million tons to 6.3 million tons, and crops' export from 0.062 million tons to 0.057 million tons while will increase crops’ import from 9.5 million tons to 18.3 million tons. © 2022 The Author
Invasive plants are viewed as a universal threat to ranching enterprises because invasive plants can alter forage quantity or quality for livestock and therefore reduce net revenue. These concerns are almost entirely based on how invasive plants alter forage production in small plots rather than direct measures of invasive plant impacts on livestock production. In this study we quantify impacts of the invasive annual grass medusahead (Taeniatherum caput-medusahead [L.]) on livestock production on California annual rangeland and evaluate how management buffers or exacerbates impacts to net revenue. To do this, we tracked changes in yearling steer weights across the growing season (March to May) for 2 yr in eleven 2.1-ha pastures where medusahead abundance was experimentally manipulated. We then integrated weight gain results with market data to illustrate how changing grazing season duration and animal density in response to either a 10% increase or decrease in medusahead impacts net revenue. Holding grazing season duration and end-of-season residual forage constant across pastures, pastures with more medusahead supported a lower density of animals than pastures with less medusahead. However, this decrease in livestock production was significantly less than impacts reported from indirect estimates in the literature. Medusahead impacts on net revenue depend on livestock management decisions. Responding to a 10% increase in medusahead cover by shortening the grazing season reduced net revenue 102.97 USD per hectare, whereas responding to a 10% increase in medusahead cover by reducing animal density by selling animals early increased net revenue 2.71 USD per hectare. Our study shows that the impacts of medusahead on livestock production may be lower than those estimated from indirect measures of invasive plant impacts on livestock production and that relatively simple changes in livestock grazing management could further reduce how invasive plant impacts on livestock production scale to impacts on net revenue. © 2022 The Society for Range Management
This research investigates the strategic value of combining mail-in-rebate (MIR) and branding coordination strategies in the context of a supply chain composed of a national brand's manufacturer and a traditional retailer. The retailer offers two competing brands: the national brand and his own store brand. As a first step, we examine which party should bear the cost of the MIR promotional strategy and its role as a coordination mechanism to alleviate the brand competition. When there is close positioning of NB and SB's quality and a decent ratio of MIR redemption, our results show that both parties prefer the total control of the retailer over managing the national brand in his store by supporting all the costs of the promotional strategy. As a second step, we examine the role of various structures of coordination mechanisms, and we found that the “combined branding-promotion coordination” is the best option to boost the performance of all supply chain parties at the highest levels. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Exploring whether society is sufficiently equipped and motivated to adopt planned interventions is vital for modern plan development trajectories. The Motivation and Ability (MOTA) framework offers a tool to assess the societal adoptability of plans by exploring stakeholders' motivations and abilities. It was originally developed to assess plan implementation feasibility for structural measures of flood management in the Mekong Delta. Further development is necessary before applying the tool in other contexts and for other types of planning interventions. Institutional measures like participatory water management (PWM) have long been recognized as essential elements for water management, but have so far also remained out of the reach of conventional planning assessment tools such as cost-benefit or cost-effectiveness analyses. This research, therefore, aims at extending the MOTA tool in the context of PWM reforms in Bangladesh. It does this by, first, further detailing the MOTA components and identifying indicators for quantification and, second, an expert validation and application of this framework for coastal communities in Bangladesh. Our results suggest that the MOTA framework is capable of informing policymakers and implementing agencies about how to enhance the stakeholders' motivation and ability to ensure an enduring implementation of PWM reforms. © 2022 IWA Publishing. All rights reserved.
‘Born sustainable firms’ (BSFs) — firms founded with an explicit strategic intent to operate in a sustainable manner play an important role in the sustainability transition and represent a significant but underutilized research site. Adopting the dynamic capabilities (DC) perspective, this paper explores BSFs' pursuit of their environmental and social goals. Having first assessed and confirmed its relevance to the BSF context, a high level framework of DC processes is operationalized. Through a dialogic approach, comparing the literature and empirical material from 12 BSFs from a wide range of sectors and locations, an in-depth picture of 28 processes underlying sensing, seizing and transforming meta-capabilities emerges. All but one of the detailed processes can be linked to prior research and are specific, though not unique, to BSF. Whilst the operationalized framework of DC processes in the BSF context extends prior research, the established notion of competitive advantage — framing organizational goals and impact in terms of financial outcomes and strategic performance relative to rivals — is problematic in this context. We therefore reconceptualize BSF's organizational goals and impact in terms of ‘sustainability advantage’, that is, maximization of environmental and social performance within the constraint of economic viability. In addition, we identify two key dimensions of advantage: time horizon, which ranges from immediate to longer term impact, and scope, which ranges from organization-centred to system-wide impact. The findings have clear implications not only for sustainable entrepreneurship but also for incumbent firms moving towards genuine sustainability. © 2022 The Authors. Business Strategy and The Environment published by ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The environmental conditions that marine populations experience are being altered because of climate change. In particular, changes in temperature and increased variability can cause shifts in spatial distribution, leading to changes in local physiological rates and recruitment success. Yet, management of fish stocks rarely accounts for variable spatial dynamics or changes in movement rates when estimating management quantities such as stock abundance or maximum sustainable yield. To address this concern, a management strategy evaluation (MSE) was developed to evaluate the robustness of the international management system for Pacific hake, an economically important migratory stock, by incorporating spatio-temporal population dynamics. Alternative hypotheses about climate-induced changes in age-specific movement rates, in combination with three different harvest control rules (HCR), were evaluated using a set of simulations that coupled single-area estimation models with alternative operating models representing spatial stock complexity. Movement rates intensified by climate change caused a median decline in catches, increased annual catch variability, and lower average spawning biomass. Impacts varied by area and HCR, underscoring the importance of spatial management. Incorporating spatial dynamics and climate change effects into management procedures for fish stocks with spatial complexity is warranted to mitigate risk and uncertainty for exploited marine populations.  © 2022 The Author(s).
Product-harm crises can negatively affect a firm's corporate image, reputation, and credibility. This research investigates antecedents and factors that can impact the extent to which frontline employees will be supportive of their organization when the firm faces such a crisis. Leveraging social exchange theory and its focus on reciprocal exchanges, we theorize and test processes using regression models, which shed light on how managers can solicit employee support during crises situations by providing the frontline employees with ethical and supportive working conditions. To offer convergent validity across multiple methodologies, we also test the influence of experimental effects of the relative severity of a crisis and whether a firm was quick or slow in its response on frontline employee support. Furthermore, our research demonstrates that the firm's strengths in corporate social responsibility, the employees' organizational citizenship behavior, and employee organizational identification serially mediate the supportive relationship, which provides a unique contribution to the marketing literature. Finally, we provide managerial implications to further enhance frontline employee support. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Land consolidation has greatly altered land use patterns and the corresponding ecosystem services (ES) in China. However, the potential consequences of different consolidation measures for the interaction of ecosystem services are still largely unknown. Here, from a simulation perspective, we predict potential separate and joint influences of three land consolidation scenarios, i.e., reclamation of abandoned mining land, intensive construction land use and their integrated scenario, on the tradeoff/ synergic relationships of food production, carbon storage, habitat quality, and water conservation. Zhaoyuan city, one of China’s top 100 counties at a green transformation stage of mining industry, is taken as a case study. Our results show that land consolidation will significantly mitigate the loss of farmland and vegetation while improving use efficiency of construction land. By 2035, food production is likely to present more trade-offs with other ES, whereas carbon storage, habitat quality, and water conservation will be highly synergic with each other. In contrast, consolidation of rural/urban construction land will be more feasible to coordinate multiple ecosystem services, as well as mitigating urban expansion and rural hollowing. This work enables us to identify the optimal combinations of multiple land consolidation measures towards sustainable ecosystem management. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
In coastal cities, the damage stemming from hurricanes and severe tropical storms may reduce housing stock. Accelerating the reconstruction of housing stock becomes crucial in minimizing the time that residents are displaced. It is critical to understand how to better coordinate all available resources for an effective and balanced reconstruction where nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), government agencies, volunteers, and many other complex resources converge. This study combines Monte Carlo and beta models to assess supply, costs, and recovery times. The models capture the immediate and long-term costs of reconstruction activities under highly uncertain conditions using embedded stochastic components on projected materials, labor, and equipment flows. The model identifies possible hurdles in acquiring likely material and labor and prospective thresholds that might affect the housing recovery process. This research addresses gaps in strategic humanitarian recovery decision-making by modeling housing damage costs through granular-level housing reconstruction activities. In addition, these models provide constructive insight into how cost and completion time are dependent upon supply uncertainties. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
At present, collaborative innovation has become an integral part of corporate group strategy. However, there are few collaborative innovation research pieces focusing on corporate groups. This article takes Tus-Holdings, a model enterprise in the field of science and technology services, as the research object, uses case study methods, and systematically analyzes the corporate group’s strategy, customers, R&D, management, finance, talent, and other factors from the strategic, business, and support levels under the framework of total innovation management research on the collaborative innovation model of management and the form of cooperative surplus. The research found that the collaborative innovation model is an important support for enterprise groups to build a comprehensive, collaborative innovation system; the internal collaborative innovation model of enterprise groups shows nonlinearity and diversity; collaborative surplus performance is closely related to the collaborative innovation mode, and different collaborative innovation modes will produce a different collaborative surplus. These research results have important theoretical value and practical significance for modern enterprise groups to correctly implement collaborative innovation strategy and improve the efficiency of collaborative innovation. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
With serious environmental problems increasing, waste separation has drawn much atten-tion. Message framing is an important way to popularize separation knowledge and increase people’s separation willingness. Message framing was classified into positive and negative frames in this study, and then based on moral identity theory from the social cognitive perspective, two dimensions of moral identity were introduced as mediating variables to construct a mechanism model of the influence of message framing on waste separation willingness. After a comparative study of three groups of subjects (N = 604), the following conclusions were drawn: (1) message framing positively influenced moral identity and waste separation willingness; (2) both positive and negative message framing positively influenced waste separation willingness through the partial mediating role of moral identity symbolization and internalization; and (3) the mediating role of symbolization was stronger in the effect of positive message framing on waste separation willingness, while the mediating role of internalization was stronger in the effect of negative message framing on waste separation willingness. The findings provide significant information for organizations to effectively carry out message strategies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This study presents MANGOret (Multi-stAge eNerGy Optimization — retrofitting), a novel optimization framework and model for the long-term investment planning of existing building retrofits. MANGOret bridges the methodological gaps between energy system modeling and real estate management to present a scalable framework to optimize both energy and non-energy costs while considering building value. With a 2050 horizon, MANGOret is able to harness the strategic value of investment flexibility to optimally phase investments across the multi-objective cost and CO2 emission decision space considering both operational and embodied emissions. From the energy perspective, the model generates long-term investment strategies for decentralized multi-energy systems and envelope retrofits. The model considers the interdependent trade-offs between demand- and supply-side measures for a number of technologies across time. Technology scheduling is informed by condition degradation functions from utilizing the Schroeder method. From the real estate management perspective, the framework digitalizes the multi-year investment planning process. The model is supported by series of automated data retrieval and processing steps to consider each contextual building project. Importantly, we develop an archetypal energy demand database to reference demands of various retrofitting packages. By considering all retrofitting-relevant investments, the model incorporates the critical budgeting elements of rental revenues to calculate building value. We demonstrate the value of the MANGOret framework across various building types and sizes in different Swiss real estate markets. Our results demonstrate relevance for energy engineers and building owners relating to the long-term design, operation, and investment scheduling of existing buildings. We present multiple optimal strategies considering the trade-offs between cost, value, and CO2 emissions. Aligning with previous studies, our results show that higher investment costs are necessary to achieve low-CO2 retrofits relative to minimum cost strategies. Higher costs are, to a large extent, influenced by envelope retrofits and non-energy internal renovations while energy supply systems contribute to a smaller share of the budget. To achieve low-CO2, retrofits utilize lower embodied emission technology choices and are scheduled early on. Nevertheless, we show that these trade-offs do not necessarily have to be weighed at the extremes of the Pareto front, instead presenting ‘minimal regret’ solutions which reduce CO2 at negligible cost increases. Considering both embodied and operational CO2 emissions over the building life-cycle, our results demonstrate that optimal emission reductions necessitate subsequent reductions in energy consumption. Low-CO2 retrofitting strategies are typified by reducing energy demands as much as possible in order to self-consume as much renewable energy as possible, typically by solar PV and heat pump coupled systems with grid reliance. © 2022 The Authors
This paper illustrates a methodology for the remediation of polluted ex-industrial sites that considers the adaptive remediation and reuse of previously productive buildings and is structured in an incremental strategy. The main features of an adaptive reuse intervention are generally considered: low investment; high heritage awareness; urban identity; strong community engagement; and green concern. These characteristics are only partially compatible with the transformation of brownfields, mainly because of their usual size of the area, as it would require a large initial investment to purchase and convert the entire asset. To tackle this issue, we are proposing an incremental strategy that starts from the design process and is based on three main principles: (i) keeping and reusing as much of the existing buildings and facilities as possible; (ii) drawing the masterplan layout according to the pollutants, their zone distribution and the remediation techniques; and (iii) increasing public interest towards the area, attracting investors and stimulating a mechanism to rise the market value of the real estate property. The incremental strategy is illustrated through a project to reactivate an abandoned industrial area in Venice, Italy. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Agriculture has been crucial in sustaining human populations in South Asia across dramatically variable environments for millennia. Until recently, however, the origins of this mode of subsistence in India have been discussed in terms of population migration and crop introduction, with limited focus on how agricultural packages were formulated and utilised in local contexts. Here, we report the first measurements of stable carbon and nitrogen isotope values in well-preserved charred crop remains from sites spanning the Neolithic/Chalcolithic to the Early Historic in two very different environmental zones: tropical East India and the semi-arid Deccan. The results show that this approach offers direct insight into prehistoric crop management under contrasting environmental constraints. Our preliminary results plausibly suggest that early farmers in India experimented with and made strategic use of water and manure resources in accordance with specific crop requirements and under varying environmental constraints. We suggest that the development of modern crop isotope baselines across India, and the application of this methodology to archaeological assemblages, has the potential to yield detailed insight into agroecology in India's past. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The global population is increasing, as is the demand for basic materials. At the same time, key resources are in short supply, and the extraction and use of raw materials have major environmental implications, for instance, increased CO2 emission. In a Circular Economy (CE), resources and products are divided, leased, reused, repaired, refurbished, and recycled, extending product life cycles, reducing waste, and generating additional value. Government entities in Japan and South Korea are designing and implementing policies to facilitate the transition to a CE and achieve carbon neutrality. The paper compares Japanese policies and actions with those of South Korea, identifies challenges and options for improvements in each country, and lessons that they can share. The paper reviews CE and low carbon policies in the two countries and compares how those, but also public interest and initiatives differ between them. It provides recommendations to address observed shortcomings and capture opportunities to connect CE and zero-carbon strategies. The article is expected to interest Japanese and South Korean policy-makers, companies, and academics. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Fuel cell hybrid vehicles (FCHVs) offer great opportunities to reduce vehicle's operation cost and mitigate environmental impact. However, high-quality real-time energy management of FCHV is a difficult task due to different influences from complex traffic environments, such as dynamic changes of preceding and rear vehicle state, road slope and road coefficient. To address this problem, a cooperative control strategy is designed to achieve simultaneous speed planning and energy management promotion in this study. The upper control layer leverages a gradient-based model prediction control (GRAMPC) based on the fast projection gradient method to plan the speed sequence according to the information of future driving conditions as well as the real-time state of the preceding and rear vehicles. The bottom layer applies model prediction control (MPC) to achieve real-time preferable energy allocation, and a multi-objective control function is considered for the total cost minimization of energy management in terms of hydrogen consumption and battery life extension. The simulation results reveal that under the constraints of a dynamic environment, the proposed control strategy in planning state can reduce the traction power, hydrogen consumption, global cost, and battery degradation by 2.65%, 1.9%, 2.39%, and 8.14%, respectively. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This article—which serves as an introduction to the special issue of the role of (strategic) human resource management (HRM) in the era of environmental disruptions—summarizes previous research, introduces articles related to this special issue, and provides suggestions for future research in the area. This special issue intends to advance HRM research by putting it in the context of disruptive environments, aiming to deepen our theoretical and empirical knowledge about the role of HRM in these disruptive environments, and provide insights to managers and policymakers who must deal with current as well as future disruptions in extra-organizational environments. The different sections of this introductory paper are structured from the perspective of an individual (“How can HRM help individual employees cope with environmental disruptions?”), an organization (“How can HRM help organizations be more resilient against environmental disruptions?”), and a community/societal perspective (“How can HRM help the community being affected by environmental disruptions?”). We conclude by proposing several research ideas and practical implications for human resource professionals that would enable them to deal with individual employees, their organization, and the community in times of environmental disruptions. © 2022 The Authors. Human Resource Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Purpose: While facilities management (FM) in Kosovo is a constantly growing discipline, the studies so far in Kosovo have been scarce and too general. The purpose of the paper is to discuss the current situation of FM in Kosovo, identify challenges and recommend new future development directions of the sector with regard to capabilities of facility managers, integration of technology in FM and FM standardization. Design/methodology/approach: The present study uses qualitative method by using semi-structured interviews with purposive sample of 20 FM professionals with experience of more than 15 years that cover public, private sector and international organizations. Findings: The present study finds that FM in Kosovo is in its infancy stage, and it is mainly perceived as maintenance and cleaning with the low level of outsourcing. Generally, it was agreed that FM industry in Kosovo faces several challenges such as lack of budget, resources and staff; inappropriate FM planning; absence of uniform KPIs and low sensitivity of FM to sustainability. The study finally finds that FM in Kosovo can be enhanced only through integration of novel technologies, development of adaptive capability of facility managers and adequate FM standardization. Research limitations/implications: The present study helps researchers and practitioners to understand the current situation of FM in Kosovo in terms of planning, outsourcing and primary purpose of FM in Kosovo. The study also provides an overview of challenges of FM in Kosovo, which can be used by researchers and practitioners to identify future development directions for the sector and profession. Originality/value: The study contributes to the current knowledge about the state of development of FM in transitional countries such as Kosovo. The findings will identify future development areas of FM in Kosovo especially with regard to capability and skills of FM professionals and integration of technology in FM, which can be used by other countries facing the same perceptional and developmental challenges in FM. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This work aimed at investigating how electricity sector companies have adapted their approaches to innovation in response to calls for openness and the participation of new actors. It combined results from academic and grey literature as well as real-world initiatives to identify companies' strategies to innovation. A systematic literature review was conducted, aided by the development of an ontology of collaborative and open approaches to innovation. These approaches were associated with four main aspects: open innovation, business model innovation, non-producer innovation, and the open movement. Among the main findings, it can be highlighted that, although partnerships, alliances, and co-development are now quite common, electricity sector companies have just started to participate in open data and open-source initiatives. Outbound innovation is less common compared to inbound practices. Co-creation, co-design, and crowdsourcing reflect the inclusion of communities in the ideation of transition pathways, even though in a limited manner. The inclusion of civil society is also emphasized in the development of alternative partnerships and user innovation. Challenges that accompany the implementation of collaborative and open approaches to innovation are varied and contingent on local circumstances, which emphasizes the relevance of international partnerships for the energy transition. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Esports, or competitive video gaming competitions, bring together aspects of sports, business, leisure, technology, and digital media, appealing to academics across multiple disciplines. Yet, esports scholarship remains highly fragmented, with scholars operating within traditional academic silos and forgoing opportunities to build on esports’ interdisciplinary nature. The purpose of this integrative review is to synthesize esports scholarship from across disciplines, identify critical scholarly issues, and develop a pragmatic, interdisciplinary research agenda. We find that extant esports scholarship is categorized by literature seeking to conceptualize and legitimize esports via sport parallels, with a focus on the consumers and culture of esports. Scholarly issues include researchers examining esports in their respective academic silos, omitting opportunities to connect conceptually similar streams of literature. Overall, we synthesize esports scholarship, bridge chasms between disjointed streams of literature, and outline a pragmatic research agenda which could benefit from interdisciplinary inquiries based on a shared understanding of esports. © 2022 Human Kinetics, Inc.
Purpose: The human resource (HR) allocation problem is one of the critical dimensions of the project management process. Due to this nature of the problem, researchers are continually optimizing one or more critical scheduling and allocation challenges in different ways. This study aims to optimize two goals, increasing customer satisfaction and reducing costs using the imperialist competitive algorithm. Design/methodology/approach: Cloud-based e-commerce applications are preferred to conventional systems because they can save money in many areas, including resource use, running expenses, capital costs, maintenance and operation costs. In web applications, its core functionality of performance enhancement and automated device recovery is important. HR knowledge, expertise and competencies are becoming increasingly valuable carriers for organizational competitive advantage. As a result, HR management is becoming more relevant, as it seeks to channel all of the workers’ energy into meeting the organizational strategic objectives. The allocation of resources to maximize benefit or minimize cost is known as the resource allocation problem. Since discovering solutions in polynomial time is complicated, HR allocation in cloud-based e-commerce is an Nondeterministic Polynomial time (NP)-hard problem. In this paper, to promote the respective strengths and minimize the weaknesses, the imperialist competitive algorithm is suggested to solve these issues. The imperialist competitive algorithm is tested by comparing it to the literature’s novel algorithms using a simulation. Findings: Empirical outcomes have illustrated that the suggested hybrid method achieves higher performance in discovering the appropriate HR allocation than some modern techniques. Practical implications: The paper presents a useful method for improving HR allocation methods. The MATLAB-based simulation results have indicated that costs and waiting time have been improved compared to other algorithms, which cause the high application of this method in practical projects. Originality/value: The main novelty of this paper is using an imperialist competitive algorithm for finding the best solution to the HR allocation problem in cloud-based e-commerce. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Efficient management of air quality requires a comprehensive emission inventory to support decision-making on air quality improvement. This article presents a comprehensive framework for detailed emission inventory development in cities with low-quality basic data, which examines the emission of primary criteria pollutants (CO, NOx, SO2, PM2.5, PM10, and VOC) from mobile sources, residential, commercial, and public services, fuel stations, transport terminals, energy conversion sections, and industries. This research was applied to Tabriz in Northwest Iran, one of the polluted medium-sized cities with a population of 1.77 million. Results show the city daily emission per capita is 569.8 g of CO, 68.6 g of NOx, 38.6 g of VOC, 17.6 g of SOx, and 3.7 g of PM. Vehicular emissions accounted for 98% of CO, 91% of VOCs, 61% of NOx, and 56% of PM; meaning alternative policy strategies in vehicles would reduce emissions rapidly. Fifteen applicable and effective scenarios in transport and one concerning stationary sources were proposed and reduction potential of them was evaluated. Effectiveness of the public transport improvement and replacement of old passenger cars were founded the key scenarios. These two alternatives decrease 14 and 2 tons of SO2 and 6797 and 2394 tons of NOx annually with the cost of $99.5 MM and $366.5 MM, respectively. The findings of this study provides the choice of travel method by each citizen is a function of cost, speed, comfort and safety of travel; therefore, all the requirements of any scenarios must be fully considered in the implementation step. © 2022
Although Latin America has a long history of well-established academic development and public relations professionals, multiple North American and European conceptualizations and trends still prevail in theoretical debates and professional practices. Nevertheless, a series of international studies sponsored by the EUPRERA and a broad network of researchers, universities, and local professional associations has become a fundamental precedent to consolidate the profession in the region and make it visible worldwide. In this respect, the results are presented below that show the strategic themes and main professional trends in public relations, grouped as follows: (a) trends in public relations management: strategic themes, the impact of fake news, information for decision-making, and the professionalization of public relations in the third sector and (b) the professional development and organization of the activity: excellent communication departments, gender, workplace climate and stress, job satisfaction, and work engagement. Such categorization, in addition to portraying the issues addressed in the third edition of the Latin American Communication Monitor (LCM), allows an analysis of the status quo of the non-continent profession, as it demonstrates the perception of the category on itself. Therefore, it allows reflection on melhorias, especially, in terms of professional training and institutionalization of professional training in Latin America. A sample of 1165 active professionals, who work in communication departments of companies, consultancies, non-profit organizations, and government agencies, from 19 Latin American countries was analyzed. The impact of the results and of conducting studies like this one are extremely important for the development of the profession, its compared analysis with the state of affairs in other regions, and an explanatory self-understanding of the path traveled and that to come. Scientifically determining the levels of perception and their representativeness in Latin America amounts to a sign of maturity and evolution of the profession and the study thereof. © The Author(s) 2022.
Major discoveries and geological understanding in petroleum exploration since the 12th Five-Year Plan period are summarized in detail. Four major transformations are proposed for future petroleum exploration, i.e., from shallow formation to both deep and shallow formations, from structural to structural-lithologic traps, from clastic rocks to multi-lithologic composite reservoirs, and from conventional to both conventional and unconventional oil and gas reservoirs. Based on the systematic analysis of the four major petroleum systems in the basin, and combined with the main controlling factors for hydrocarbon accumulation, a total of 13 favorable exploration orientations and 3 types of non-hydrocarbon minerals are identified in Qaidam Basin as in three levels of strategic preparation, strategic breakthrough and strategic deployment. In addition, the main challenges in geology, engineering technology, and management restricting the petroleum exploration are systematically summarized and countermeasures are put forward, which provide support for promoting the transformation and development of petroleum exploration, improving petroleum geological theory and technology of strongly transformed basin, and continuously discovering the integrated resources in Qaidam Basin. Copyright © 2022, Petroleum Industry Press, PetroChina. All rights reserved.
The sluggish adoption of building information modeling (BIM) is attributable to various technical, managerial, personnel, procedural, and institutional issues encountered by an organization in which such adoption takes place. However, these issues are under researched from a holistic perspective. Based on a proposed human-organization-technology (HOT) fit model, this paper aims to study the impacting factors of HOT fit in BIM adoption within construction project organizations (CPOs). The HOT fit indexes of 14 BIM case projects were operationalized using social network analysis (SNA) method and how different factors impact the HOT fit and its three subdimensions [i.e., human-technology (HT) fit, organization-technology (OT) fit, and human-organization (HO) fit] was investigated using a comparative case study. It was found that the project size has significantly negative relations with HOT fit, HT fit, and OT fit; while hierarchy steepness has positive correlations with HT fit, OT fit, and HO fit. OT fit was also found to have a weakly negative relationship with BIM level of details (LODs). A joint factor analysis further disclosed that the flatter the hierarchy, the larger the project size, and the higher the BIM LOD, the more difficult to achieve a high HOT fit, HT fit, or OT fit. Thus, CPOs should use steeper hierarchical structure and take a progressive BIM adoption strategy by adopting from smaller projects and/or lower LODs. This research empirically examined how project organizational and technological factors can impact BIM adoption. The HOT fit model can help CPOs evaluate their general HOT fit status, redesign optimal HOT configuration, diagnose the problems when the HOT fit is not ideal, and make strategic directions to better harvest the benefits of BIM. Limitations and future research directions are also identified.  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers.
A fundamental challenge for interorganizational innovation projects is employing diverse actors’ knowledge, expertise and perspectives for situation-specific demands of complex innovation. Innovation advancement is dependent on the degree to which knowledge is used and synthesized to address emerging and situation-specific demands of innovation. The goal of this study is to shed light on organizing for joint knowledge creation in a strategic interorganizational innovation project. Based on an inductive analysis of interview data from one strategic interorganizational innovation project, we identified the iterative process, self-organizing working groups and dynamic participation as practices through which the actors involved arranged and enacted their joint efforts, namely, knowledge creation and progress of innovation. This study contributes to research on managing strategic interorganizational projects by suggesting that organizing, which involves structural and informal organizing practices, supports managing strategic interorganizational projects where the diverse actors’ knowledge integration is at the core of the innovation project's goals. © 2022
Contemporary project teams are increasingly used to solve problems that are at the crossroads of many disciplines and areas dedicated to Industry 4.0, which is a watershed in the implementation of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Industry 4.0 can serve as a platform for the alignment of SDGs with the ongoing digital transformation. This involves specific challenges for teams, but also allows perspectives that may create innovative and high-quality results. In order to meet these challenges while taking advantage of the opportunities offered by interdisciplinary cooperation, project teams, including the team leader, should have specific competencies. With this in mind, the aim of this article is to identify the challenges and perspectives related to working in interdisciplinary Sustainable Industry 4.0 project teams and to define the competencies necessary to act as a member and leader of these teams. Implementation of this aim will be possible by answering two research questions: (1) What requirements and opportunities are involved with interdisciplinary work amongst members of Sustainable Industry 4.0 project teams; and (2) What are the competencies necessary of members and leaders of such teams to meet these requirements and take advantage of the opportunities for such cooperation? An exploratory case study was conducted among members of interdisciplinary project teams at one of the leading technical universities in Poland. Qualitative data were obtained from many sources: interviews, internal documentation of analyzed projects and managerial notes. The obtained results allow us to state that the most important challenges and perspectives related to the work of interdisciplinary Sustainable Industry 4.0 teams include coordination of individual parts of the project, integrative leadership, establishing a common language, broad views on the issues raised and building a team consisting of specialists with the required competencies. The competencies of the project team that are important for working in the analyzed environment include strategic perspective, communication skills and persuasion, while for leaders, competencies must include the ability to coordinate work, resource management, empowering and motivation. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The increasing nature of biomedical waste and its improper disposal has become a significant concern, resulting in a negative impact on the environment. These are associated with the direct consumption of input materials along with generated co-products and wastewater. This paper aims to address the environmental burden of existing biomedical waste management in the northern part of India. It also aims to suggest some constructive steps which result in a less impactful environment through the Life cycle Assessment (LCA) methodology. LCA is a widely used sustainable assessment tool to evaluate the environmental performance of various waste management systems. The present study's functional unit is all the waste collected at a common treatment and disposal facility. A gate-to-gate approach has been performed based on the foreground data gathered from field surveys, semi-structured interviews, and background data of Eco invent database v1.03. The data has been further evaluated using LCA software SimaPro 9.1.0.4 utilizing the CML-IA impact assessment method. The impact categories include Abiotic Depletion (AD), Abiotic Depletion (fossil fuels) (ADF), Global Warming (GWP), Ozone Layer Depletion (OLD), Human Toxicity (HT), Freshwater Aquatic Ecotoxicity (FAE), Marine Aquatic Ecotoxicity (MAE), Terrestrial Ecotoxicity (TE), Photochemical Oxidation (PO), Acidification (AF), and Eutrophication (EP). The results indicate that the integrated system, including incineration with energy recovery, autoclave-shredder, chemical disinfection, and Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP), reduces the environmental burden compared to the present state. The reliability of the model is tested using sensitivity and uncertainty analysis. The analysis identifies the influential key processes, parameters, and impact categories. This paper suggests that LCA is a beneficial tool for the decision-makers and managers to take strategic decisions for reducing environmental burden and developing a life cycle inventory database for the developed economies. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The study aims to understand how practicing organizational performance evaluation (OPE) is related to the performance paradox (tensions between creative freedom and survival challenges) in “evaluation-hesitant” cultural and creative industries (CCI) organizations. Design/methodology/approach: Mixed methods research, consisting of moderation analyses and unstructured expert interviews. Findings: A conceptual model is developed to explain how creative freedom and survival challenges affect OPE in “evaluation-hesitant” CCI organizations. Originality/value: The authors bring a new understanding to the factors that contribute to evaluation-hesitance in CCI. The paper contributes to discussing both the theory of paradox and flow theory in explaining the relations between OPE, creative freedom and survival challenges. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This study attempts to develop a practical understanding of the positive and negative employee experiences due to artificial intelligence (AI) adoption and the creation of technostress. It unravels the human resource development-related challenges with the onset of Industry 4.0. Design/methodology/approach: Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 32 professionals with average work experience of 7.6 years and working across nine industries, and the transcripts were analyzed using NVivo. Findings: The findings establish prominent adverse impacts of the adoption of AI, namely, information security, data privacy, drastic changes resulting from digital transformations and job risk and insecurity brewing in the employee psyche. This is followed by a hierarchy of factors comprising the positive impacts, namely, work-related flexibility and autonomy, creativity and innovation and overall enhancement in job performance. Further factors contributing to technostress (among employees): work overload, job insecurity and complexity were identified. Practical implications: The emerging knowledge economy and technological interventions are changing the existing job profiles, hence the need for different skillsets and technological competencies. The organizations thus need to deploy strategic manpower development measures involving up-gradation of skills and knowledge management. Inculcating requisite skills requires well-designed training programs using specialized tools and virtual reality (VR). In addition, employees need to be supported in their evolving socio-technical relationships, for managing both positive and negative outcomes. Originality/value: This research makes the unique contribution of establishing a qualitative hierarchy of prominent factors constituting unintended consequences, positive impacts and technostress creators (among employees) of AI deployment in organizational processes. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Studies including adolescents and young people (AYP) enhance the relevance of research results, benefit stakeholders, and inform future research. There exists a mental health gap in services for AYP living in low and middle-income countries. This study aims to identify mental health challenges faced by adolescents and young people in Kenya, develop practical recommendations to mitigate these issues, and reduce the mental health burden among this population. We convened an AYP-led meeting that involved 41 participants. The meeting objectives were to (1) identify efforts to support existing national and regional strategic priorities and review goals for addressing mental health needs among AYPs, (2) develop immediate action plans for strengthened mental health services, (3) review and strengthen country-level coordination mechanisms, and (4) identify how participating county experiences can inform mental health services in Kenya. Ministry of Health (MoH) officials from national and county levels, academic experts, and implementing partner agencies involved in mental health services participated in the meeting. The team, including AYP representatives, identified various mental health challenges among the AYA and recommended interventions aimed towards improving their mental health situation in the country. The challenges were clustered into three themes and comprehensively reviewed to establish the precipitating factors to mental health outcomes among AYPs in Kenya and provide recommendations. The themes included (1) legislative, (2) service provider/Ministry of Health, and (3) adolescent/individual-level factors. To bridge the mental health gap in the country and scale up mental health outcomes, the stakeholders recommended interventions within the context of the three clusters. The key suggestions included an increase in insurance financing, acceleration of community health interventions, the establishment of adolescent-friendly spaces, the training of adolescent youth champions, interactive service provision models, implementation of the existing mental health policies and structures, the development of comprehensive assessment tools, well equipped mental health departments in health facilities, the enhancement of telehealth services and digital villages, the mobilization of a functional mental health response team, and the development of a mental health database. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).
There is much enthusiasm for analytics and the measurement of intangibles, such as human capital. In stark contrast, the study of strategic human capital analytics is plagued with definitional disunity, a lack of empirical research, and inconsistent results from the handful of research studies that have been undertaken. This study contributes to the extant literature and academic debate through the original and foundational study of strategic human capital analytics effect on organisation and market performance and mediation by managerial decision-making drawn from the resource-based view, human resource accounting and persuasion theory. Our analyses, from a sample of 383 senior- and middle-level managers, suggest that managerial decision-making determines the extent to which strategic human capital analytics, as part of a strategic performance measurement and management system, improve organisation and market performance. Implications for theory and practice in this emergent field of study are discussed along with directions for future research. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
While utilizing price signals to affect charging behaviors has been identified as a promising strategy to manage charging loads, few studies discuss their impacts comprehensively. We investigate how different charging price strategies can affect the spatial and temporal distribution of charging activities at the individual level and the required charging infrastructure system. We utilize an integrated optimization platform for electric vehicle (EV) charging management and infrastructure placement in home and nonhome locations in San Diego, CA, that include charging price strategies, infrastructure costs, and mobility demand patterns. We evaluate three pricing scenarios and demonstrate that the time-of-use pricing scheme results in the highest emissions and the real-time one the lowest, which are 20.2% higher and 0.7% lower than the annual emissions under the flat rate scenario, which is about 8,787 MtCO2e. Our results show that the charging load profile is the result of various determinants including the dynamic electricity price, price elasticity of charging demand, travel and dwelling constraints, carbon price, as well as exclusive home and shared nonhome charging patterns. The effectiveness of changing charging behavior through internalizing climate damage to obtain environmental benefits depends largely on charging price strategies, implying that policymakers should consider charging price strategies in conjunction with carbon pricing rather than independently. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
Corporate Sustainability Reporting provides essential data for academic and empirical research on sustainability and the still-growing adoption of the circular economy by companies. Despite the wide attention that the circular economy receives from the academy, a systematization and hierarchy of the strategies that embrace the sustainable circular economy are still necessary. In addition, there is a limitation of research on the analysis of Corporate Sustainability Reporting in emerging economies. In this study, fifty sustainable circular economy strategies emerged from a systematic literature review, arranged among nine categories. The differential of the identified strategies is the expansion of strategies for a sustainable circular economy vision. Then, 51 Corporate Sustainability Reporting from 17 multinational companies operating in Brazil in 2016, 2018 and 2020 were analyzed to identify companies’ adoption of these strategies. The Corporate Sustainability Reporting analysis results suggest that companies operating in Brazil are directing significant efforts toward a sustainable circular economy. Based on these two results and the theory of business process management, we proposed the Business Process for Sustainable Circular Economy framework. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Sustainable human resource management (SHRM) practices are extensively believed to cause a strategic advantage for the hotel industry. However, while a growing body of evidence indicates that SHRM practices are related to superior organization-level outcomes, it is rather unclear as to how these practices could affect such outcomes and whether they result in desirable hotel outcomes. This paper aimed to examine the moderation effect of hotels’ environmental strategy (ES) on the relationship between SHRM practices and hotel business outcomes: operational performance (OP), competitive advantage (C), and corporate performance (CP). Following a positivism philosophy, a proposed hypothesised model was validated through a survey strategy. Data were obtained from 247 green-certified hotel managers based in Egypt’s top-two major cities involving green-certified hotels. Structural equation modelling was used to test the model relationships. The findings lent credence to the significant connectedness between SHRM practices and hotel business outcomes. The moderation effect of ES was positively confirmed by 83.4% of the SHRM practices, demonstrating that ES is a crucial driver of hotel business outcomes through the optimal usage of SHRM. Negatively, it was revealed that only sustainable promotion practice (16.6%) does not moderate its impact on the hotel business outcomes. This research is the first empirical study to examine the moderation effect of ES on the nexus between the SHRM and hotel business outcomes in the green-certified hotels of Egypt. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Infrastructure megaprojects are temporal, complex undertakings that require close coordination between a variety of stakeholders to keep these projects on track. Very often, coordination bottlenecks emerge, particularly on vanguard projects, as parties are unable to agree on how processes and operations should proceed leading to slippages in duration and budget. In this paper we conceptualize these impasses as arising due to contradictions in institutionalized logics relating to work practices used by various organizations on such projects. Using empirical data from two metro rail megaprojects in India, we show that contradictory logics in carrying out work can lead to 'horizontal' or process-based institutional voids, and 'vertical' or role/hierarchy based institutional voids that must be successfully navigated to ensure project progress. We show how freelance expatriates working as consultants on these projects often functioned as institutional entrepreneurs in such settings, using three specific strategies - re-architecting transaction spaces, reinforcing hierarchy, and mediation, to create more and less stable routines that bridged these voids and created a framework for executing work on the project. This paper contributes to our understanding of the dynamics of institutional entrepreneurship and institutional complexity in vanguard infrastructure megaprojects and offers a preliminary process model of how coordination bottlenecks are resolved in such projects. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd, APM and IPMA
Purpose: In the age of a knowledge-based economy and following extensive socio-economic changes, the success of organizations is not limited to gaining financial and material resources. Instead, it depends on the acquisition of intangible assets that can be used to achieve a sustainable competitive advantage. In the new strategic environment, organizations will thrive when they see themselves as a learning organization whose goal is to improve intellectual capital continually; an organization that cannot increase its intellectual capital cannot survive. The term intellectual capital is used in the overlap of all assets, intangible resources and non-physical resources of an organization, including processes, innovation capacity and implicit and explicit knowledge of its members and partner network. However, despite the growing importance of intellectual capital and cloud computing as vital resources for organizations' competitive advantage, there is a limited understanding of them. Simultaneously, the management of intellectual capital enables organizational managers to create, nurture, control and preserves a strong competitive advantage source, the advantage that competitors will not easily capture. So, the main objective of the present investigation is to check out the factors affecting the adoption of intellectual capital management systems based on cloud computing in hospitals. Design/methodology/approach: In the last two decades, we have moved toward economics, where investment in Information Technology (IT), human resources, development, research and advertising is essential to maintain competitive advantage and certify the sustainability of organizations. Therefore, it can be stated that the economic value is the creation and management of intangible assets, which are referred to as intellectual capital. On the other hand, cloud computing is presented as a new paradigm for hosting and providing services through the Internet. Cloud computing can lead to too many benefits to organizations, including cost reduction, flexibility and improved performance. The present article examines how optimal intellectual capital management can be achieved using cloud computing. So, seven hypotheses were developed through the dimensions of technology, environment, organization and innovation. In this study, the path analysis was performed using Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) and Partial Least Squares (PLS). By reviewing the literature related to the model of technology, organization, environment and innovation dissemination theory, four main criteria, and 15 sub-criteria were identified based on the opinions of specialists, professors and IT experts based on AHP and PLS methods. Findings: The results of this investigation confirmed all the hypotheses. The results illustrated that environmental and technological factors should be regarded more when adopting intellectual capital management systems based on cloud computing. The results also indicated that intellectual capital highly influences improving performance. Furthermore, cloud apps, like other disruptive technology, deliver superior benefits while still presenting a slew of realistic challenges that must be tackled. In order to draw a growing customer base to this business model, software vendors should resolve these concerns. The literature revealed that the computing industry is making tremendous strides around the world. Nevertheless, in order to achieve a faster and softer adoption, newer and more advanced techniques are still required. Research limitations/implications: The research outcomes can significantly impact a wide range of organizations, such as health-related organizations. However, there are some limitations; for example, the sample is limited to one country. Therefore, future studies can measure the data of this study in different samples in different countries. Future researchers can also boost the model's predictive capability to adopt cloud computing in other organizations by adding environmental, organizational, innovation and other technical factors. Practical implications: Managers will use these emerging innovations to minimize costs and maximize profits in the intellectual capital management competition. An effective cloud computing based on an electronic human resource management system can significantly increase system performance in industries. The investigators expect that the results will direct clinicians and scholars into a more advanced and developed age of cloud-based apps. Originality/value: Investigations on the impact of cloud computing on intellectual capital management are rare. Accordingly, this investigation provided a new experience in terms of intellectual capital in the field of cloud computing. This study filled the scientific research gap to understand the factors affecting intellectual capital management systems based on cloud computing. This study provides a better insight into the power of organizational and environmental structure to adopt this technology in hospitals. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In 2001, the Chilean Government created Consultative Councils as part of their national park management strategy. Consultative Councils were designed with three objectives: 1) to generate opportunities for citizen participation with regards to the management, conservation and development of national parks and the surrounding communities; 2) to improve the abilities and opportunities for adjacent communities to protect their ways of living and be acknowledged and valued by society; and 3) to strengthen areas of development in communities and help promote strategic alliances between communities and private and public institutions. We set out to examine whether the Fray Jorge National Park – Consultative Council (FJNP-CC) has achieved these three objectives. Our findings indicated that the FJNP-CC has failed to facilitate community participation in park management (Objective 1) and has done little to improve the abilities and opportunities for adjacent communities to protect their ways of living (Objective 2). However, the FJNP-CC has proven effective at facilitating community access to private and public institutions (Objective 3). Despite achieving only one of its three objectives, the FJNP-CC is still considered by community members and park managers as the best opportunity to manage, if not reconcile, competing interests in the park. © 2022, IUCN - International Union for the Conservation of Nature. All rights reserved.
Purpose: There has been a rapid generational change in the business world in Turkey recently, and X generation managers are rapidly leaving their place to Y generation managers. In countries with relatively young populations such as Turkey, management in family businesses passes into the hands of Generation Y. This study aims to examine the moderator role of the difference between old and new generation Y in the effect of self-efficacy perceptions on decision-making strategies. Design/methodology/approach: This research, which was designed according to the quantitative research method, was designed according to the cross-sectional survey model, one of the general survey models. The research data were collected from a sample of 441 family business managers determined according to the simple random sampling technique. The data were analyzed and interpreted with various statistical techniques. Data analysis was done with AMOS. 20 and International Business Machines statistical package for the social sciences 22 data analysis programs. Findings: According to the analysis findings, there is a significant relationship between the participants’ self-efficacy perceptions and decision-making strategies. Research findings old and new generation Y managers have different decision strategies. The research results showed that the dominant self-efficacy perceptions of the Y generation affect their decision-making strategies. Research limitations/implications: This research only examines whether the old and new generation Y perceptions have a moderator function in the relationship between the participants’ self-efficacy perceptions and decision-making strategies. The research is quantitative research limited to family businesses. The results can be compared by repeating the research with other variables and in different samples, for example, by researching in public institutions. In addition, the way of reflecting the differences in perception to the management can be subjected to deeper analysis with mixed studies. Practical implications: One of the important reasons for the difference in people’s approaches to events is their personality structure. Generational differences, which have been discussed primarily in recent years, make themselves felt in working life. The new working models arising from the different perspectives of the Y generation differ from the traditional business models. Today, in traditional business models, the manager profile is usually the X generation. However, the process is moving toward gaining essential positions in the management levels of the new Y generation. They put traditional managers in a difficult situation with their impatient behavior and desire to climb the career ladder quickly. Social implications: In the studies conducted on the Y generation, it is understood that they do not favor the classical management approach based on the command-command relationship. The sense of loyalty of the Y generation is low compared to other generations and their organizational commitment levels are weak. There are determinations that they attach importance to flexible working style and want to do business using digital technologies. They are highly motivated in setting vision and participating in strategic decisions in organizations. These features differ significantly from the X-generation managers who adopt the traditional management approach. Originality/value: Both emotional and cognitive characteristics influence decision-making behavior. The generation gap which shows common personality structures in a certain period is an important predictor of decision-making strategy. Research results and related studies significantly affect the decision strategies of the generation gap. No research has been found comparing the old and new Y generations. In this respect, it is thought that the research will contribute to theory, practice and method. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The global tourism industry has shifted due to COVID-19, with tourism-dependent islands facing a dire need to realign and reconstruct their tourism offerings to remain competitive. The traditional mass tourism model that has dominated island development has to be re-examined in this new tourism environment with new mindsets regarding the current conditions for destination success. This paper aims to promote an understanding of destination success in an island context and to identify which determinants are critical during this period to achieve optimal destination success. The findings from this study suggest that island destinations are at a critical turning point, and key strategic shifts are necessary to enable future destination success as defined by the Destination Management Organisations. There is a need to shift from management to stewardship, from product to experience, from quantity to quality, and from stakeholder presence to engagement. Core to these strategic shifts is an incorporation of locals as central to the quality of the overall experience, with less reliance on the natural resources (sun, sea, and sand) to which these island destinations have been beholden to for decades. © Island Studies Journal, 2022.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the everyday tasks and activities undertaken by retailer entrepreneurs and owner/managers when they strategize. Specifically, it interrogates the nature of the intuitive, idiosyncratic strategic agency of a retail owner/manager. Design/methodology/approach: Through adopting a combination of phenomenological and narrative approaches, focussing on illuminating the everyday operational and strategic practices of one retail entrepreneur and owner/manager, a richly contextualized, ideographic account of the procedures and outcomes of their strategizing is provided. Findings: By revealing narratives that are seldom obvious – often kept behind the counter, and not on display – the authors are able to unravel the social reality of the retailer's decision-making, and the influences of identity, connections with customers and community, emotions and the spirit, and love and family. This study also illuminates how entrepreneurs retrospectively make sense out of the messiness of everyday life particularly when juggling the melding of personal and business realities. Research limitations/implications: This paper explores the experiences and reflections of the decision-making of one retail entrepreneur manager within a particular business setting. However, the use of an ideographic approach allowed for an in depth investigation of the realities of strategic practices undertaken by a retail owner that may be extrapolated beyond this immediate context. Originality/value: This paper develops original insights into the retailer as an individual, vis-à-vis an organization, as well as nuanced understanding of the actual nature of work undertaken by retail entrepreneurs and owner/managers. To this end, this paper contributes to the “strategy-as-practice” debate in the strategic management literature, and to narrative analysis and advances insights to the perennial question: “what is a retailer?”. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This paper examines how changes in accounting practices during a crisis can affect organisational dynamics between hospital managers and clinicians. Our theoretical framework applies a multi-dimensional concept of power (Hardy, 1996) – which distinguishes power over resources, processes and meaning – to a longitudinal case study of a public university hospital during a budgetary crisis. Based on interviews with managers and clinicians, three successive time intervals with distinct power constellations are identified. Initially, we identify a pre-crisis phase where management formally controls resources, which seems to have limited effects on clinician dominance because managers lack ‘processual power’ and ‘power of meaning’. Next, an implantation phase emerges whereby the introduction of mandated budget cuts triggers shifts in the distribution of power, such that managers acquire power by securing the collaboration of clinicians – a phenomenon which has tangible benefits in terms of enabling budget compliance and increased service provision. Finally, the third phase may be conceptualized as a fiscal pressure regimen whereby, when budgetary pressures intensify further, management's newly gained ‘power of meaning’ is eroded because management are now seen to pursue unrealistic demands. Drawing on research insights gleaned during each phase, our analysis contributes to extant literature in at least three ways. First, we present novel findings regarding the impact of crises-related applications of accounting practices on intra-organisational power constellations. Second, our work highlights how accounting practices help shape the understanding of crisis, which, in turn, impacts the distribution of organizational power and influences intra-organizational patterns of collaboration. Third, we find that awareness of the meaning power of accounting practices can help shape strategic action in crisis situations. © 2022 The Author(s)
Since climate change impacts are already occurring, urgent adaptive actions are necessary to avoid the worst damages. Regional authorities play an important role in adaptation, but they have few binding guidelines to carry out strategies and plans. Sectoral impacts and adaptive measures strongly differ between regions; therefore, specific results for each territory are needed. Impacts are often not exhaustively reported by literature, dataset and models, thus making it impossible to objectively identify specific adaptive measures. Usual expert elicitation helps to fill this gap but shows some issues. For the Piedmont Strategy, an innovative approach has been proposed, involving experts of private and public bodies (regional authorities, academia, research institutes, parks, associations, NGOs, etc.). They collaborated in two work group, first to identify current and future impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems, and secondly to elaborate and prioritize measures. Involving 143 experts of 46 affiliations, it was possible to quickly edit a cross-validated list of impacts (110) and measures (92) with limited costs. Lastly, a public return of results took place. This approach proved to be effective, efficient and influenced the policymakers, overcoming the tendency to enact long-term actions to face climate change. It could be used internationally by subnational authorities also in other sectors. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Scientific evidence reveals that renewable resource stock dynamics are subject to uncertainty due to changes in environmental conditions. Despite its critical impacts on management, little is known about the effects of such uncertainty on the formation of regional fisheries management organizations (RFMOs). In this paper, we design a dynamic stock recruitment framework to examine this issue in a common pool setting. We find that stock growth uncertainty critically affects equilibrium behaviors under both open loop membership and dynamic membership. For instance, we delineate conditions under which uncertainty induces full non-cooperation in equilibrium. Strategic behaviors may also shift equilibrium outcomes from full non-cooperation under deterministic conditions to full cooperation under uncertainty when countries anticipate a small environmental variability. Moreover, strategic interactions to extract the resource stock may lead to higher individual payoffs under uncertainty. We also outline the differences in equilibrium responses of membership, harvest, and payoff to mean preserving spreads under both open loop membership and dynamic membership. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
The formalization and solution of supplier selection problems (SSPs) based on sustainable (economic, environmental, and social) indicators have become a fundamental tool to perform a strategic analysis of the whole supply chain process and maximize the competitive advantage of firms. Over the last decade, sustainability issues have been often considered in combination with resilient indexes leading to the study of sustainable-resilient supplier selection problems (SRSSPs). The current research on sustainable development, particularly concerned with the strong impact that the recent COVID-19 pandemic has had on supply chains, has been paying increasing attention to the resilience concept and its role within SSPs. This study proposes a hybrid fuzzy multi-criteria decision making (MCDM) method to solve SRSSPs. The fuzzy best-worst method is used first to determine the importance weights of the selection criteria. A combined grey relational analysis and the technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solution (TOPSIS) method is used next to evaluate the suppliers in a fuzzy environment. Triangular fuzzy numbers (TFNs) are used to express the weights of criteria and alternatives to account for the ambiguity and uncertainty inherent to subjective evaluations. However, the proposed method can be easily extended to other fuzzy settings depending on the uncertainty facing managers and decision-makers. A real-life application is presented to demonstrate the applicability and efficacy of the proposed model. Sixteen evaluation criteria are identified and classified as economic, environmental, social, or resilient. The results obtained through the case study show that “pollution control,” “environmental management system,” and “risk awareness” are the most influential criteria when studying SRSSPs related to the manufacturing industry. Finally, three different sensitivity analysis methods are applied to validate the robustness of the proposed framework, namely, changing the weights of the criteria, comparing the results with those of other common fuzzy MCDM methods, and changing the components of the principal decision matrix. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Talents are seen as unique strategic resources that are essential to achieving a sustainable competitive advantage. Organizations use TM to source and maintain a high quality and quantity of talents. Despite numerous research and development of practice in this area, insufficient skills of the staff are still underlined, and an unexplored area in this regard is the support for talent development, prior to the employment of employees (i.e., at the stage of their education). There are numerous studies on TM in universities, but they cover all aspects of TM aimed at university staff. There is no research on supporting the talents of students as future employees. Meanwhile, universities “shape” the future staff and from this place employees identified as talented or with great potential are recruited. In connection with the identified gap, the question was asked whether and to what extent universities and educational entities should be involved in discovering and developing talents for the future needs of the economy. The aim of the article was to check how students perceive their future (i.e., their vision of life), how much of it is related to their future job, and how they see universities as an environment to support their talents. The study used the questionnaire-based survey-CAWI (computer assisted web interview) technique. The research was conducted in the Czech Republic, Poland, and Ukraine. The results of the research show that the support of talent development by universities is not sufficient, and the majority of students (despite the fact that the research was conducted in the last semesters of studies) do not have clearly defined goals and methods of achieving them. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The prevention and management of chronic disease primarily requires risk reduction measures, through strategic coordination across various government areas. Recognizing that health workers and the public health workforce are integral to building strong and resilient health, the present study analyses the relation between Psychosocial Risk Factors (PRFs, to which formal caregivers are exposed in the healthcare settings), and the work system related elements of the Systems Engineering Initiative for Patient Safety (SEIPS 3.0) framework. An empirical study was carried out, involving 333 formal caregivers of healthcare services. A total of 31 PRFs were assessed (using the COPSOQ III), making it possible to find a relationship between the PRFs analyzed with three elements of the work system, namely Task (5 PRFs), Organizational factors (17 PRFs), and Individual (9 PRFs). The present work contributes not only in terms of outcomes that allow the development of mental illness prevention and mental health promotion actions for healthcare formal caregivers, but also in terms of the relevance that these factors can have on the quality of health services, as well as their users (patients), in line with SEIPS 3.0 model. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Floating treatment saltmarsh (FTS) is a new concept proposed to name floating treatment wetlands made of estuarine halophytes especially engineered for the control of contamination in brackish and saline waterbodies. The first full-scale FTS was implemented in 2018 to create an anti-contamination barrier for saline aquaculture wastewater treatment in an estuarine tidal lagoon. Results of a two-year investigation validated 'Phytobatea' modular technology for floating wetlands implementation and operation. Juncus maritimus crossflow FTS efficiency on main mariculture wastewater constituents' removal under low hydraulic retention time was remarkable, i.e., total phosphorus (86%), total suspended solids (82%), biochemical oxygen demand (78%), total organic carbon (55%), turbidity (53%), Escherichia coli (30%), and dissolved oxygen increased (19%). Key features of the native halophyte Juncus maritimus were determined to ensure 75-100% survival under high water salinities up to 38 g/L. A scientific literature review confirmed strategic sectors' growing interest in Juncus maritimus as raw material, supporting its possible cultivation as an added-value by-product within integrated aquaculture systems. Plants' root systems colonization by crabs, shrimps, and young individuals of the critically endangered European eel (Anguilla anguilla), revealed the role of FTS for biodiversity conservation, and its potential as functional habitat, nursery, and refuge for aquatic fauna species in contaminated waterbodies.  © 2022 The Authors.
The existing literature investigates organizational capabilities for servitization in exploratory studies based predominantly on interviews with managers. This has led to classification frameworks that tend to reflect managerial perceptions regarding key capabilities (rather than actual firm capabilities) and in which associations and connections between capabilities remain anecdotal. This study examines the servitization-related capabilities existing in manufacturing firms that have taken strategic service initiatives and adopts a data-driven approach to explore their underlying structure. A quantitative study based on secondary data from annual report narratives is used to assess the servitization-related capabilities of 79 firms from the aerospace and defense sector and to identify the underlying factors through exploratory factor analysis. The study identifies seventeen capabilities structured into five factors: (i) management of production/delivery operations; (ii) development of valuable and sustainable offerings; (iii) identification of incentives; (iv) planning for uncertainty and change; and (v) relationship management. The study provides evidence of servitization-related capabilities in practice. By examining gaps between existing (current) capabilities and the capabilities identified in our five-factor model, business managers of aerospace and defense firms can assess the status of servitization-related capabilities at their firms and set objectives to develop such capabilities further. The study contributes to the systematic development of a reasonable and parsimonious representation of organizational capabilities for servitization, which is statistically supported and validated through empirical data. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
We examined the financial efficiency and effectiveness of landscape versus community protection fuel treatments to reduce structure exposure and loss to wildfire on a large fire-prone area of central Idaho (USA). The study area contained 63,707 structures distributed in 20 rural communities and resorts, encompassing 13,804 km2. We used simulation modeling to estimate expected structure loss based on burn probability and characteristics of the home ignition zone. We then designed three fuel management strategies that targeted treatments to: 1) the surrounding areas predicted to be the source of exposure to communities from large fires, 2) the home ignition zone, and 3) a combination of the landscape and home ignition zone. We evaluated each treatment scenario in terms of exposure and expected structure loss compared to a no-treatment scenario. The potential revenue from wood products was estimated for each scenario to assess the cost-efficiency. We found that the combined landscape and home ignition zone treatment scenario which treated 5.7% of the study area resulted in the highest overall reduction in predicted exposure (47.5%, 100 structures yr−1) and predicted loss (69.1%, 57 structures yr−1). Home ignition zone treatments provided the best predicted economic and per area treated performance where exposure and loss were reduced by one structure by treating 89 and 111 ha per year, respectively, with an annual cost of $33,645 and $73,672. Revenue from thinning was the highest for landscape fuel treatments and covered 16% of the required investment. This work highlighted economic and risk tradeoffs associated with alternative fuel treatment strategies to protect developed areas from large wildland fires. © 2022
Stakeholders' engagement at a strategic level represents one of the key dimensions that affects companies' performance, directly impacting on the decision-making process. Despite many theoretical studies focused on the relevant role of stakeholders' engagement in the value creation process of organizations, many issues are not adequately addressed in managerial practices. Based on a multiple case study with 61 Italian companies from different sectors, (1) we explore the main strategic dimensions and connected value drivers that affect stakeholders' perception, and (2) we illustrate a suitable way to strategically integrate stakeholders' perception drivers in the performance management system (PMS) implementation. According to the contribution of the managers and selected stakeholders of the companies involved in the study, we propose a framework to support a more comprehensive development of the key dimensions that influence stakeholders' engagement (sustainable development, organizational drivers, cultural context, and digital transformation) at a strategic level. © 2021 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This study examines the journey of micro and small firm owners/managers of hospitality firms through the global financial crisis. This journey includes measures of firm success and performance supporting firms in the aftermath of the event. The study draws on a sample of mainly hospitality firms in Greece and Cyprus, and considers conceptual tenets of the dynamic capabilities framework. Key dimensions associated with firm success and firm performance following the crisis were revealed. For instance, the ‘value’ dimension emerged through measures of financial management, intrinsic, knowledge-based, strategic, and by adding value to consumers’ experience. Furthermore, strong firm performance was mainly perceived as a result of learning from mistakes or managing time efficiently, while counting on government or financial institutions was associated with poor firm performance. The study has various practical and theoretical implications, including through the proposal of a conceptual framework, where the findings and dynamic capabilities approach converge. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Urbanization and deforestation impose severe challenges to wildlife, particularly for forest-living vertebrates. Understanding how the peri-urban matrix impacts their survival is critical for designing strategies to promote their conservation. We investigated the threats faced by brown howler monkeys (Alouatta guariba clamitans) in peri-urban regions of Rio Grande do Sul (RS) and Santa Catarina (SC) states, southern Brazil, by compiling negative interaction events (hereafter NIE) reported over more than two decades. We assessed the major NIEs, their distribution among age-sex classes, and the predictors of NIE-related mortality. After 20+ years of monitoring, we compiled 540 NIEs (RS = 248 and SC = 292). Electrocution by power lines was the most frequent cause of death or injury (37%), followed by dog attack (34%), vehicle collision (17%), and human mistreatment (12%). The occurrence of lethal injuries ranged from 5% to 69% depending on the type of NIE and on which state it occurred in. The overall post-NIE mortality was 56%. Adults of both sexes were the most affected individuals in both study regions. The minimal adequate GLM model explained 83% of the variation in NIE-related mortality. State, NIE type, and age-sex class were the main predictors of mortality. Overall, mortality was lower in SC and higher among adult females than in the other classes. We found that the survival of brown howler monkeys in the forest-urban interface is constrained by both the urban infrastructure and the growing interactions with humans and domestic and stray dogs (Canis familiaris). We propose the placement of aerial bridges, road signs and speed bumps in areas of frequent animal crossing, the sterilization of stray dogs, and the sensitization of local inhabitants on the importance of respecting and protecting wildlife to reduce their NIEs with humans and domestic animals in the forest-urban interface. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
The relationships amongst environmental conditions, stand age, tree diversity, and trait identity with aboveground biomass (AGB) remain highly debated in forest ecosystems, but these relationships across forest strata (i.e., overstory and understory) remain poorly assessed in subtropical – warm-temperate forests. Here, we hypothesized that environmental conditions, stand age, tree diversity and trait identity jointly control AGB, but divergent species' functional strategies regulate AGB in different forest strata of subtropical – warm-temperate forests. To do so, we analyzed datasets from 72 plots across five sites in subtropical – warm-temperate forests of Jeju Island, South Korea. We used multimodel inference tests based on multiple linear regressions models and then piecewise structural equation modeling (pSEM) to assess the relationships amongst topographic factors, stand age, tree diversity (i.e., species, phylogenetic and functional diversity), and trait identity (i.e., community-weighted mean – CWM – of a trait values) and AGB in the overstory, understory, and whole community. The pSEMs showed that lower species evenness increased AGB in overstory and understory, but CWM of tree maximum height and seed mass enhanced overstory and understory AGB, respectively. Moreover, species evenness mediated the divergent effects of stand age and topography on overstory and understory AGB, respectively. This study shows that the effect of low species evenness on AGB is ubiquitous across forest strata, but divergent species' functional strategies also contribute to shaping AGB. We argue that species' functional strategies (i.e., the mass ratio effect) across forest strata and developmental stages should be taken into consideration for sustainable forest management to achieve the biodiversity conservation and carbon sequestration that underpins human wellbeing through climate change mitigation strategies. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Current sustainability challenges often reflect common resource dilemmas where peoples’ short-term self-interests are at odds with collective interests in the present and future. In this article, we highlight the key role of joint decision-making processes in negotiations to facilitate the management of common resource dilemmas and to promote the transition toward sustainability. By reflecting on psychological drivers and barriers, we argue that the limited availability, the restricted accessibility, and the dynamic alterability of resources in negotiations on common resource dilemmas may cause a myopic mindset that fosters value claiming strategies and, ultimately, results in distributive-consumptive negotiation outcomes. To promote value creation in negotiations on common resource dilemmas, we argue that agents must perform a mindset shift with an inclusive social identity on a superordinate group level, an embracive prosocial motivation for other parties’ interests at and beyond the table, and a forward-looking cognitive orientation towards long-term consequences of their joint decisions. By shifting their mindset from a myopic towards a holistic cognitive orientation, agents may explore negotiation strategies to create value through increasing the availability, improving the accessibility, and using the alterability of resources. Applying these value creation strategies may help achieve integrative-transformative negotiation outcomes and promote sustainable agreements aimed at intersectional, interlocal, and intergenerational justice. We conclude by discussing additional psychological factors that play a pivotal role in negotiations on common resource dilemmas as well as further developments for future research. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Sustainability is not just a “buzzword” but refers to the ideal business strategy for encouraging sustainable behavior for remaining relevant and competitive. Managers of organizations are increasingly expected to duly consider and demonstrate the desired social and environmental intentions of translating leadership strategies into sustainable practices. Studies on employees' voluntary environmental behavior (VEB) are increasing in number, in that it is believed that behavior can contribute to achieving organizational sustainability strategy. However, despite the studies being published on this emerging field, leadership is a missing link regarding the psychological mechanism through which VEB can be defined and refined. Drawing on the theories of social learning and social exchange, this study seeks to establish the impact of ecocentric leadership (EL) on VEB and the mediating role of psychological green climate (PGC) in this nexus. Data were collected from wide-ranging business organizations in Bangladesh through a self-administered survey questionnaire. The results indicate that EL wields a significant direct influence on VEB. Moreover, EL through the mediating effect of PGC indirectly shapes VEB. The study contributes original insights to the discussions and debates on strategic leadership and climate accountability. Implications of ecocentric strategic leadership and recommendations for future research are discussed. © 2022 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The cross-sectional variation in corporate profitability has occupied research across fields as diverse as strategic management, industrial organization, finance, and accounting. Prior work suggests that corporate idiosyncrasies are important determinants of profitability, but it disagrees on the quantitative importance of particular effects. This paper shows that corporate specificities become irrelevant in the long run because profitability is ergodic conditional on survival, leading to a uniform, time-invariant regularity in profitability that applies across firms. Conditional on survival, we cannot reject the hypothesis that corporations are on average equally profitable and also experience equally volatile fluctuations in their profitability, irrespective of their individual characteristics. Because the same is not true for shorter-lived firms, even for more than 20 years after entry, we can reconcile our findings with an extensive literature that studies profitability in heterogeneous samples of surviving and shorter-lived firms. Our findings provide a new benchmark for long-term performance in competitive environments and offer a novel perspective by highlighting a robust commonality instead of specificities. Copyright: © 2022 The Author(s)
The purpose of this paper is to develop a measurement instrument for sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) critical factors, practices and performance and validate it in the food industry. A literature review was conducted in order to identify pertinent variables and propose relevant measuring items. An email survey was carried out in 423 Greek companies in the food and beverage sector. The questionnaire was sent by e-mail in the Google Forms format and it was requested to be answered by a representative of the company. The collected data was processed using exploratory factor analysis in order to extract the latent constructs of the SSCM critical factors, practices and performance measures. The validity of the proposed instrument was confirmed through confirmatory factor analysis. The extracted SSCM critical factors are “firm-level sustainability critical factors” and “supply chain sustainability critical factors”. The extracted SSCM practices are “supply chain collaboration” and “supply chain strategic orientation”. The extracted SSCM performance factors are “economic performance”, “social performance” and “environmental performance”. The three developed constructs constitute a measurement instrument that can be used both by practitioners who desire to implement SSCM and by researchers who can apply the proposed scales in other research projects or use them as assessment tools. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
With population growth, climate volatility, and economic expansion, the conjunctive management of surface–groundwater (SGW) faces great challenges. In this study, a hybrid factorial optimization programming (HFOP) method is developed through integrating factorial analysis, interval linear programming, flexible fuzzy programming, and two-stage stochastic programming into a general framework. HFOP can effectively reflect the multiple uncertainties and quantitatively identify the effects of multiple factors. Then, a HFOP-SGW model is formulated for the middle reaches of the Amu Darya River Basin, where 125 scenarios are analyzed. Some of the major findings are: (i) the improvement of surface-water transport efficiency and the proper use of groundwater can effectively alleviate regional water shortage; (ii) agricultural users have a high risk of water scarcity for all states, especially under a low-flow level; (iii) uncertainties of water-flow levels and risk-reverse attitudes of decision makers have significant impacts on the system’s benefits and water-allocation scheme; and (iv) the surface-water-transmission loss rate and risk perceptions of decision makers are the main factors affecting the system’s benefit’s and water-allocation scheme. These findings can help decision makers obtain desired water-allocation strategies to respond to the variations in water availability. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Jordan is considered one of the most water-scarce countries in the world. As a result, Jordan took several steps toward good water governance by setting goals, policies, strategies, and plans. However, several research studies show that it should be strengthened and improved. Research has shown that good water governance is necessary to achieve water security, and several frameworks have been developed to research these challenges (e.g., Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) framework). This study aims to evaluate water security governance in Jordan and identify gaps and challenges for good water governance. To achieve the research objective, various qualitative methods and analytical frameworks were used. A two-level framework was followed by combing the OECD Principles on Water Governance (2015) and the OECD Water Governance Indicator Framework (2018) to analyze Jordan’s National Water Strategy 2016–2025 (NWS) through direct content analysis. The study findings showed that Jordan’s NWS managed to capture to some extent, good water governance principles for Policy Framework, but failed to provide Governance Mechanisms for implementation. Furthermore, the study showed that the water governance Institutional Setup is relatively well established. Regarding the implementation and functionality of the principles analyzed, the performance of each of the principles tended to vary. The study revealed that Jordan should take serious steps toward a water governance reform that puts good water governance principles and practices in the center, to achieve water security. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to discuss the roles of a supply chain management (SCM) department. To achieve that, this study empirically examines the relationship between internal supply chain structure and operational performance, using survey data collected from 108 Japanese manufacturers. Design/methodology/approach: Based on a literature review of not only organizational theory but also other fields such as marketing, logistics management, operations management and SCM, this study focused on two structural properties, formalization and centralization and divided operational performance to firm-centric efficiency and customer-centric responsiveness. To examine the analytical model using these dimensions, this study conducted a structural equation modeling. Findings: The correlation between centralization of operational tasks and centralization of strategic tasks, the impacts of centralization of both tasks on formalization and the effect of formalization on responsiveness performance were demonstrated. In addition, the reasons for formalization not positively influencing efficiency performance were explored through follow-up interviews. Practical implications: Manufacturers need to formalize, as much as possible, a wide range of SCM tasks to realize operational excellence. To establish such formalized working methods, it is effective to centralize the authorities of both operational and strategic tasks in a particular department. In addition, inefficiency due to strict logistics service levels is a problem that all players involved in the supply chain of various industries should work together to solve. Originality/value: The theoretical contribution of this study is that the authors established an empirical process that redefined the constructs of formalization and centralization, developed these measures and examined the impacts of these structural properties on operational performance. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Although hard corals (order Scleractinia) are listed in Appendix II of the Convention for the International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES), there is significant ongoing wild harvest and international trade, mostly for the aquarium industry. Acropora corals account for the majority of aquarium corals harvested and traded, but are also extremely vulnerable to fisheries-independent threats, especially climate-induced coral bleaching. Reconciling effects of coral harvesting is complicated as harvest limits are based on weight, while there is limited data on standing biomass of Acropora from different reef environments. Here, a management-friendly methodology that allows for quantification of Acropora spp. biomass is described and demonstrated, thus providing means for the development and implementation of a rigorous sustainable harvest strategy. We establish size-weight relationships for four growth forms of Acropora spp. harvested from Australia's Great Barrier Reef, to facilitate estimates of harvestable biomass and better understand the ecological context of current weight-based harvest levels and limits. Using these relationships, and field-based sampling at 12 sites across seven distinct reefs, the estimated biomass of Acropora spp. ranges from 0.12 kg ⋅ m−2 to 4.7 kg ⋅ m−2. These estimates necessitate further consideration of catch composition and the specific abundance of individual species that are heavily harvested, and how impacts of current harvest practices interact with species-specific vulnerability to climate change and other escalating human pressures contributing to the degradation of coral reef ecosystems. This study is a crucial first step towards quantifying the ecological impacts of the fishery to develop management strategies that are underpinned by research. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This study explores the level of rural water shortage risk from the perspective of disaster risk and poverty. Based on related causes and characteristics, we quantitatively analyze the water shortage risk in rural China during 1997–2019. Furthermore, the spatial and temporal evolution is tested based on the exploratory spatial data analysis (ESDA) and kernel density estimation (KDE) models. Finally, we use the obstacle model to explore the main factors affecting water shortage risk. The main conclusions are as follows: (1) The results show three types in rural China: high-risk areas, medium-risk areas, and low-risk areas. The rural water shortage risk declines over time, and the improvements in the rural areas are evident. (2) Within rural China, the trend shows positive spatial correlation and temporal variation. (3) Factors that impact the water shortage risk mainly include population with access to clean water, degree of damage caused by farmland flood and drought, soil erosion control area, drainage area of farmland, lag rate of the agricultural economy, agricultural population density, per capita water consumption, and fiscal self-sufficiency of the government. The research findings provide a theoretical foundation for the evaluation of rural water shortage risk and a regional strategy to relieve rural water shortage. © 2022 United Nations.
Sustainability-oriented transport and mobility solutions hunt for engineering and management innovations. Both are primarily adopted by startups—ambitious and dynamic forms of organization stimulated by technical and technological progress. In this paper, the original definition of a startup as the new organizational form has been proposed, and the most relevant trends in green transportation and mobility solutions have been discussed. The paper also seeks knowledge about new business models of sustainable transport and mobility-oriented innovative startups. For this purpose, descriptive statistics of about 200 transport-oriented startups have been produced, based on the results of quantitative research in 2016–2019 in Poland, and the most appealing solutions are presented. Business models of sustainability-oriented transport and mobility startups have been mapped and analyzed. Green innovations in transport concern mainly products and business models. The studied startups can be divided into responding to challenges in designing new equip-ment, vehicles, and infrastructure (including electromobility) and those offering solutions in managing transport processes, fleet, and passenger transport—especially micro-mobility in cities public transport. Analyzing the profitability of Sustainable Development Goals (SDG)-oriented startups, we concluded that startups related to “hardware” projects (vehicles, infrastructures, drones) need more financial support or strategic partnership than service-oriented projects. We also hypothesized that “hardware” startups contribute more to “greening” transportation and mobility sector processes than startups offering services, which requires further in-depth research. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Target and limit reference points are fundamental management components used to define sustainable harvest strategies. Maximum Sustainable Yield (MSY) and the precautionary principle underpin many reference points. Non-proxy reference points based on MSY in age-based single-species assessments depend on the stock-recruitment (SR) relationship, which can display complex variability. Current reference points ignore persistent dynamic change by assuming that the SR relationship is stationary and with constant recruitment parameters over selected time periods. We highlight Peterman's productivity method (PPM), which is capable of tracking temporal dynamics of recruitment productivity via time-varying SR parameters. We show how temporal variability in SR parameters affects fishing mortality and biomass MSY-based reference points. Implementation of PPM allows for integrated dynamic ecosystem influences in tactical management while avoiding overwrought and sometimes ephemeral mechanistic hypotheses tested on small and variable SR datasets. While some of these arguments have been made in individual papers, in our opinion the method has not yet garnered the attention that is due to it.  © 2022 The Author(s).
The installation of hydropower pressure reduction (HPPR) technology in water supply networks (WSN) has recently been encouraged to limit water losses through leakage. Traditionally, pressure reducing valves (PRVs) were positioned at strategic nodes in a water network and were operated continuously to dissipate excess energy and minimize pipe failure. The alternative adoption of low-cost and highly reliable HPPR technology - Pump As Turbine (PAT) - can recover energy to improve the sustainable management of water networks and increase the energy, economic, and environmental benefits derived from the provision of water resources. To encourage the exploitation of HPPR, indicators and metrics were developed and applied for a case study (olive crop production with an irrigation network in Andalusia, Spain). The case study incorporated (1) a number of WSN scenarios based on water supply conditions, location of the HPPR within the network, and pipe age; (2) the expected performance of the PAT in the market; and (3) the expected optimal performance of an HPPR design based on a variable operation strategy (VOS). Independent life cycle indicators and nexus metrics were created to enhance the evaluation of the performance of HPPR technology as part of the water-energy-food nexus. In this case study, the new metrics expressed the impact of HPPR technology on the water-energy food nexus in terms of climate change and in the context of olive production in an irrigation network. The methodology for assessing combined energy, economic, and environmental metrics (3EM) can be used to account for the value of HPPR deployment in any WSN. These metrics can inform local decision makers and national policy makers, by providing relative and/or absolute evidence on the environmental impacts of HPPR technology in the water sector.  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers.
Project portfolios aim to impact organizational strategic goals, influencing both the orga-nization’s business model and its processes. Nonetheless, the actual impact is dependent on the portfolio’s success, which is affected by the materialization of risk factors. This study aims to examine the tacit conceptualization of project portfolio risk as a risk measure explicitly based on project portfolio success itself. In order to focus on the portfolios of organizational development projects, Social Representation Theory was adopted to analyze empirical evidence from twenty-eight semi-structured interviews conducted with project portfolio practitioners. Findings showed that strategic fit, future preparedness, and stakeholder satisfaction were dimensions of success within which project portfolio risk could be conceptualized. Additionally, results evidenced that risk factors influenced project portfolio success through systematic and non-systematic impacts on project portfolio outputs, and also had direct impacts on project portfolio outcomes. This paper provides empirical evidence to back up the conceptualization of project portfolio risk explicitly oriented to portfolio success as a multidimensional risk measure. It represents a new avenue for conducting portfolio risk analysis for both practitioners and academics, orienting the decision-making process based on the portfolio success rather than only on the success of each project. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Karst systems consist of heterogeneous aquifers characterized by non-linear hydroge-ological behavior. This is intrinsically linked to the coexistence of saturated versus unsaturated, open-channel versus closed-conduit flow and laminar versus turbulent flows within these aquifers. These multiple dualities together with a lack of knowledge of their internal structure lead to increas-ing difficulties in the management of groundwater resources related to karst aquifers. However, karst aquifers constitute strategic fresh water resources and many stakeholders carry out withdrawals sometimes continuously or centered on the period of low water level as for the irrigation. These withdrawals generate discharge decreases that can constitute sources of conflicts between upstream and downstream users of the resource. In this study, we propose a methodology to assess the impact of withdrawals on the spring discharge of a karst aquifer based on a conceptual non-linear reservoirs model. This methodology is applied to the second largest karst system in France: The Touvre karst system (La Rochefoucauld). The simulated influence of the total withdrawals on runoff deficit is larger than the total withdrawals in relationship with the non-linearity of the conceptual models. Globally, this impact is about one and a half of the total withdrawal depending of the year under con-sideration. Moreover, we show that it also implies a decrease from 10% to 20% of the low-flow annual discharge. The next step will be to also address the issues raised by the climate change projections. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Motivation: In Cameroon, most land earmarked for allocation to foreign investors is communally owned. The state, however, considers such land as “empty” or “underutilized”—a faulty designation that confers upon the Cameroonian state and state representatives sweeping authority to allocate lands to potential investors without full consultation with communities whose livelihoods depend on them. Purpose: The article addresses the following questions: who are traditional authorities in the context of Cameroon? What is their place in the complex dynamics of neopatrimonial governance, and how does this influence their allegiance to state versus the people they ought to represent? How do they collaborate to enable state actions during land grabbing against their people?. Methods and approach: The study is based on interviews, group discussions, and field observations conducted as part of a larger project on land grabbing in Cameroon; and supplemented with secondary sources through critical reading of published and unpublished scholarly and technical sources, including reports from national non-governmental organizations (NGOs) such as Nature Cameroon as well as Green Peace, the World Bank, and other bodies. Findings: It argues that land grabbing in Cameroon should be understood as an outcome of the state’s strategic and/or opportunistic choice, within a neopatrimonial dispensation, to enforce its political power over land and related resources. Local traditional authorities paradoxically play the role of state facilitators in the process, rather than serving as custodians of the populations they represent. Policy implications: The article concludes that such pernicious land acquisition would not have been successful without the active collaboration of traditional authorities (so-called state enablers) who act as “brokers” and facilitators of land deals—sometimes using threats, intimidation, and force on villagers. There is a need for policies to tackle the accountability problems arising from the ambivalent role that local traditional authorities play in Cameroon’s neopatrimonial order—doubly serving as de facto representatives of local peoples, and at the same time as proxy enablers of large-scale land acquisition. © 2021 The Authors. Development Policy Review published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Overseas Development Institute.
A crisis, like the COVID-19 pandemic or a cyber attack, not only creates the necessity for crisis management in business-to-business firms aimed at addressing the immediate challenges, but also offers opportunities to shape business markets by changing exchanges, collaborations, and institutions. In order to develop a conceptual framework to capture the market-shaping potential of a crisis, we integrate insights from risk management and strategic management, and discuss their implications for market shaping. As such, this paper builds a bridge between the reactive nature of crisis management during a crisis and proactive market shaping, and offers new insights into market shaping based on an underutilized source of inspiration, namely crisis management. Based on resilience (from risk management) and responsiveness (from strategic management), we propose four market-shaping opportunities. Beyond the theoretical novelty of contributing to our understanding of market shaping based on crisis management, our framework has managerial implications for market shaping and highlights a set of interesting research questions that can guide future studies. © 2022 The Authors
It has become evident that rural tourism grew significantly during the pandemic compared to mass tourism. However, at this time, all the forecasts were wrapped in considerable uncertainty regarding travel, which is not without the elevated associated risk. Therefore, we assessed the perceptions of the entrepreneurs in relation to rural tourism activities regarding the advantages of their rural tourism activity in the Azores for customers. Furthermore, the potential for developing this typology of tourism is pivotal for obtaining very reliable data and information on this topic and enabling us to provide guidelines for the leading regional players. In this regard, an exploratory method was used to assess the perceptions of the entrepreneurs with rural tourism activities in the Azores Islands regarding the customers’ experiences and some other important aspects concerning the promotion of this type of tourism in the region. Throughout this study, it was possible to verify that the most relevant obstacles to the development of rural tourism in the Azores region are the preservation and conservation of nature and endogenous resources and delivering proper infrastructures and regional accessibilities. Contrarily, the increase in community and regional funding and support for rural tourism could be key to the prosperity of this typology of tourism in this insular territory. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Because of their remarkable history of financial success, corporate spin-offs are the subject of perennial interest and investigation. We critically review quantitative and case-based research to determine the conditions under which a spin-off divestiture provides beneficial results for the conglomerate, the newly independent subsidiary, and the stockholders. The shared goal of spin-off researchers is to understand the rationale for the financial success that spin-off firms and their newly disconnected conglomerates experience. Our review and synthesis of the findings include 30 years of academic research by scholars in strategic and business management, commercial research by independent researchers and consulting firms, and IRS and US Treasury documents that detail when a spin-off qualifies for a corporate tax-free exchange. Our central finding is that spin-offs, conglomerates, and stockholders benefit from tax-free divestiture and subsequent refocusing by the companies. The article explains the breadth of spin-off divestitures and the benefits of their success in the US. These results center on helping decision-makers recognize the situational factors that support the choice of a spin-off strategy. © 2022
New environmental conflicts arise all the time as a consequence of the industrial economy and economic growth. The search for new energy and new materials jeopardizes the margin to promote sustainable development in many local communities. In this paper, we examine a conflict related to hydrocarbons projects in the Balearic Sea (Spain) from the social innovation perspective. This novel approach allows us to focus on how socially innovative responses can be triggered by environmental threats. A set of mixed methods (qualitative analysis and social network analysis) are implemented to study the emergence and development of Alianza Mar Blava in Ibiza–Formentera. This is an initiative that successfully activates new social relations and new collective practices that contribute to transform the environmental conflict. In this study, we highlight the strategic factors that allow the conflict to be transformed as well as other social processes that ultimately promote local sustainable development beyond the conflict. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In 1982, President Ronald Reagan issued Executive Order 12372, revoking a relatively obscure publication issued by the Office of Management and Budget in 1969, Circular No. A-95. One of many policy changes that were part of a broad effort to rebalance how power was shared between the federal government, the states, and municipalities, Reagan’s pen stroke ended what for many planners had been a critical piece of urban policy during the 1970s. Part of President Lyndon Johnson’s 1960s Great Society programs, an era when federal assistance to state and local governments in support of domestic policy increased significantly, A-95 had established a coordination and review process that local governments receiving federal funding for planning development projects would be required to follow. The program was designed to force local governments to engage in more comprehensive regional coordination. For the next 12 years, almost every planner across the country, at some point or another, worked within the A-95 process. But researchers who examined A-95 during its short life struggled to produce solid evidence of its effectiveness. Absent a clear metric of the program’s success or failure, the history and legacy of the A-95 program has since been largely neglected. This paper explores the history of Circular A-95, a booklet issued by the US Office of Management and Budget to guide the implementation of the Intergovernmental Cooperation Act of 1968. We argue that the rules contained in the A-95 circular should be understood as an effort to create a framework for regional planning. Using primary documents and secondary literature, we conclude that the program deserves to be re-read as an important attempt to use federal power to establish a pragmatic national planning policy in the United States in the latter half of the 20th century. © The Author(s) 2021.
Purpose: This article investigates which definitions, indicators and instruments are used by the companies to identify and assess talented employee potential with successful performance on future pivotal positions. Design/methodology/approach: Empirical data were collected in 2020–2021 in 45 local and multinational companies in Russia with well-established talent management functions using in-depth interviews with human resource (HR) managers and consultants. Findings: The study found a diversity of approaches to identifying and assessing talent potential with a predominantly contextual approach but so far with little focus on company’s strategic objectives. It was also found that companies assessed cultural (values) fit, social intelligence and impact, engagement and commitment as predictors of managerial and leadership potential of talented employees for future strategic jobs, in addition to characteristics of personal resources. The search for new complex and validated tools and methods of potential assessment under budget constraints show that companies have taken the path of experimentation. Practical implications: The results of this research can inform talent and human resource managers how to identify and assess potential of talented employees for future needs of their organizations. Originality/value: The paper contributes to the existing research in three ways. First, it offers a classification of approaches to potential assessment and explores the underlying dimensions of high-potential talent for future needs of a company. Second, it provides an overview of the current state of potential assessment in the companies in a non-western context. Third, it points out the challenges HR professionals face in implementing potential assessment for identifying talents in a new situation of unprecedented changes and uncertain future. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Recurrent floods have become a major problem in the transboundary Lower Mono River catchment of Togo and Benin, causing more damage and loss of life than any other disaster in the area. The level of understanding about floods and their management can be as diverse as the groups within the communities and thus can present a variety of perspectives. People tend to perceive flood risk and management differently due to their proximity to flood-prone areas and their level of vulnerability as well as their capacity to adapt. Therefore, this study explores the specific perspectives of local communities and experts on floods in the transboundary Mono catchment, which can help to inform better adaptation strategies according to the contexts of each community. We conducted series of focus groups discussions (FGDs) using the Actors, Resources, Dynamics, and Interactions (ARDI) framework to develop mental models of flood management. This approach allowed us to identify the causes and impact of flooding in the area, and to describe the actors and effects of flood events on the main natural resources as well as the dynamics and interactions that drive change and influence flood management in the study area. The results indicate that the perceptions of local communities and experts show both similarities and differences. These differences include (1) perceptions of relevant direct actors, (2) perceptions of resources at stake, and (3) actor-specific resource utilization. Considering these dissimilar views between expert and local community knowledge systems appears to be an important contributing factor to improving flood mitigation efforts in the catchment. Adapting risk communication and measures taken for flood management in accordance with the perceptions of affected communities could greatly increase success, with positive long-term effects for the involved institutions and communities regarding mutual trust-building. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Recent observations and publications have presented the possibility of a high and accelerated sea-level rise (SLR) later this century due to ice sheet instability and retreat in Antarctica. Under a high warming scenario, this may result in a sea level in 2100 that is up to 2 m higher than present and 5 m in 2150. The large uncertainties in these projections significantly increase the challenge for investment planning in coastal strategies in densely populated coastal zones such as the Netherlands. In this paper, we present the results of two studies that were carried out within the framework of the Dutch Delta Programme. The first study showed that it is not only the absolute SLR that presents a challenge but also the annual rate of rise. The latter impacts the lifetime of constructions such as barriers and pumping stations. When the rate of sea-level rise increases up to several centimeters per year, the intended lifetime of a flood defense structure may be reduced from a century to several decades. This new challenge requires new technologies, experiments, strategies, and governance. The second study explored different strategies for the long term to adapt to high SLR (>1 m) and assessed the consequences thereof on adaptation and developments in the coming 2–3 decades. We believe that strategic choices have to be made regarding the permanent closure of estuaries, the pumping or periodic storage of high river discharges, agriculture in an increasingly saline coastal area, and the maintenance of the coastline by beach nourishments. These strategic choices have to be complemented by no-regret measures such as spatial reservations for future sand extraction (for beach nourishments) and future expansion of flood defenses, water discharge, and water storage. In addition, it is advised to include flexibility in the design of new infrastructure. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
We used the Ecopath with Ecosim ecosystem model to assess the future effects of multiple stressors on sardine and the Portuguese continental shelf ecosystem. We assessed individual and combined impacts of changes in sardine fishing pressure, biomass of sardine competitors and predators and sea surface temperature (SST). This study demonstrated that the greatest impact on sardine stock is caused by projected SST rise whose effect is dominant and detrimental to sardine stock regardless of other conditions, including sardine fishing at maximum sustainable yield (FMSY). The largest impact on ecosystem stability, maturity and diversity of flows was observed under the forced-biomass scenarios that simulate changes in biomass of sardine predators and competitors. Moreover, these stressors alongside FMSY are projected to play an important role in the future evolution of the sardine stock. Results presented in this study can assist long-term and strategic management of the Iberian sardine stock. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
To cope with an increasingly competitive and turbulent environment caused by economic, health, and political crises, companies need to adopt innovative management accounting tools to meet challenges, increase economic performance and ensure organizational sustainability. This paper aims to study the impact of using innovative management accounting tools on companies’ performance and sustainable approaches. We investigate the influences among the variables involved in quantitative research based on a survey of 567 senior accountants of Romanian companies. The hypotheses formulated based on the literature were tested using structural equation modeling and artificial neural network analysis. The research results show that those companies that used more intensively innovative management accounting tools performed better and had more tools at their disposal to measure and manage a sustainable approach. Innovative management accounting tools provide more and better information and ways to improve organizational performance and the vector of sustainability to cope with the uncertainty produced by the economic crisis. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
With the gradual withdrawal of subsidized policies for new energy vehicles (NEVs) in China, it is important to effectively leverage non-financial policies to provide incentives for high-quality innovation. We selected data from 2012 to 2019 to examine the impact of different types of non-financial policies (direct intervention and indirect guidance) on substantive or strategic innovation by NEV enterprises, as well as the existing policy mechanisms. We found that direct interventions represented by the market access policy have the greatest overall promotion effect, with a significant signaling mechanism, and are more able to stimulate substantive innovation. Among the indirect guidance measures, the dual-credit policy has a significant market competition mechanism, but is more likely to favor strategic innovation; although the government procurement policy has an obvious signaling mechanism, its overall effect is relatively small. We further found that the market access policy and the dual-credit policy are more effective among the low political connected NEV enterprises, while the government procurement policy performs better among the high political connected enterprises. Therefore, it is very necessary to vigorously develop the non-financial policies for NEVs while noting the characteristics and emphasis of different types of policies at the same time. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This research aims to investigate the impact of stewardship in family firms compared to non-family firms. Family firms are typically the dominant business in many countries, yet, the nature, structure, and management can lead to unique behavioural variations compared to non-family firms. This study empirically tests a sample of 316 firms (163 family firms and 153 non-family firms) in Iran. The findings empirically support that stewardship is significantly higher in family firms, and highlights stewardship capabilities as a unique competitive advantage. In this way, the study makes an essential contribution to both theory and practice. For theory, the study has added weight to the importance of the stewardship theory for family businesses. For practice, the study highlights how encouraging and developing stewardship capabilities in family firms offers a unique strategic competitive advantage. © 2022
Research Summary: The resource-based view claims that bundles of resources are the key determinants of a firm's value. Yet, market value spillovers stemming from firms' resource bases have received scarce attention in the literature. This article provides evidence of such spillovers in the context of technological acquisitions. I hypothesize that acquisitions act as signals, revealing to investors that the acquired technologies are more valuable than initially expected. These signals should affect firms owning similar technological resources. Measuring technological similarity with the text similarity of firms' patent portfolios, I find that the announcement of an acquisition brings a positive revaluation of firms with technological resources like those of the target. These spillovers also reach firms with a product market focus different from those of the merging firms. Managerial Summary: Technological resources are key strategic resources that significantly contribute to firms' valuations. These resources are often acquired through corporate acquisitions. This study explores whether acquisitions affect the valuation of technological resources of other companies not involved in the transaction. The results show that a firm that owns patents similar to the company being acquired experience positive stock market returns at the acquisition announcement, which suggests that the deal signals to investors that the acquired resources are more valuable than initially expected. This effect holds regardless of whether the firm belongs to the same industry as the target or the acquirer. These spillovers change the market value of technological resources and are likely to affect the gains from later acquisitions or divestures of similar resources. © 2021 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Forest fire size, frequency and severity are increasing worldwide, with corresponding reductions in long-unburnt habitat and greater modification of forest structure over wider areas. Understanding the implications for animals is imperative in optimizing management for species persistence and overall biodiversity. We investigated how avian responses to historical high-severity fire differ in forests at short (five years) and mid-range (16 years) time since fire, including whether increased time since fire mitigates any negative responses to high-severity fire. Sites were established in fire-prone dry forests of the Greater Blue Mountains World Heritage Area, Australia. A Bayesian latent variable analysis of bird data obtained from acoustic recordings was used to estimate the occurrence of 74 species in relation to time since fire (short, mid-range), the spatial extent of historical high-severity fire (limited, extensive), and their interaction. Time since fire influenced the number of species present, but only where high-severity fire had been extensive. Here, the lowest and highest number of species in the study occurred where time since fire was short and mid-range, respectively. At least ten species responded either positively or negatively to high-severity fire, but for nine of these species the response did not change with time since fire, potentially implicating persistent effects of such fires on habitat. Six other species were unlikely to occur at short time since fire, requiring habitat at mid-range time since fire. This finding suggests that these species would benefit from strategic retention of forest with longer fire-ages under increased fire activity associated with climate change. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This paper provides a review and comparison of strategies to increase forest carbon, and reduce species losses for climate change mitigation and adaptation in the United States. It compares forest management strategies and actions that are taking place or being proposed to reduce wildfire risk and to increase carbon storage with recent research findings. International agreements state that safeguarding biodiversity and ecosystems is fundamental to climate resilience with respect to climate change impacts on them, and their roles in adaptation and mitigation. The recent Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report on impacts, mitigation, and adaptation found, and member countries agreed, that maintaining the resilience of biodiversity and ecosystem services at a global scale is “fundamental” for climate mitigation and adaptation, and requires “effective and equitable conservation of approximately 30 to 50% of Earth’s land, freshwater and ocean areas, including current near-natural ecosystems.” Our key message is that many of the current and proposed forest management actions in the United States are not consistent with climate goals, and that preserving 30 to 50% of lands for their carbon, biodiversity and water is feasible, effective, and necessary for achieving them. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The socio-economic aspects of the people who directly share space with elephants not only influence the occurrence of human-elephant conflict (HEC) but also shape their sentiments towards coexistence with elephants. The objectives of this paper are to (i) assess the demographic situation and map people’s sentiments towards elephants in the HEC hotspot villages of the Keonjhar forest division in India and (ii) rank the most suitable policy instruments and the urgency of mitigation strategies. The results indicated that cultivation and marginal agriculture were positively related with HEC incidences, whereas literacy and employment were negatively associated. Despite being severely affected by human–elephant conflict, many of the respondents (78%) in the HEC hotspot regions still had positive sentiments towards elephants. According to expert opinions, strengthening of laws regarding land use facilitation and interlinking conservation values to socio-cultural aspects need urgent implementation in order to balance infrastructural development and protection of ecosystems by enhancing community participation. Communal crop guarding, chilly-dung and honeybee fencing, accompanied by tracking and maintaining an elephant locational database are suggested as the HEC mitigation methods with highest urgency. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In the context of urbanization, due to lack of the unified planning of land use for representative ecological indicators, the sustainable wildlife existence in urban ecosystems is emerging as a burning issue. A new descriptive method is proposed to establish the sustainable conservation strategy of protected wildlife in the current urbanization scenario. We use the Habitat Quality module in the Integrated Valuation of Ecosystem Services and Tradeoffs model (InVEST-HQ), straightforward construction package of complex ecological niche Ecological Niche Modeling at The MetaLand EcologyLab (ENMTML) and ecological corridors construction model Species Distribution Model toolbox (SDMtoolbox) to distinguish the priority protected areas (PAs) and construct the ecological corridors of Gallinula chloropus (G. chloropus) in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei (BTH) region, China in 2018. The results show that the PAs are fragmented and only occupy 0.05% of total area in BTH region, which indicate an urgent conservation issue in highly urbanization area. For the sustainable conservation strategy of protected G. chloropus, 25 ecological corridors comprised 2790.8 km are required to construct, mainly distributed in Beijing and Tianjin city. Ecological corridors are also distributed close to the border of southeast, southwest and eastern coastal areas of the BTH region. In order to optimize the ecological corridors, 9 important ecological corridors comprised 813.4 km are suggested to build firstly, which are mainly distributed in the central and eastern coastal areas of the BTH region. Our combined modeling (ENMTML-InVEST-HQ) indicate that based on actual species occurrence data and land uses, it can successfully generate the PAs which should be paid more attention. Furthermore, concrete measures to build ecological corridors which connect PAs in BTH region are proposed. In order to well-targeted organized planning in highly urbanized areas, measures to protect key habitats of wildlife need to be defined and this research provides a reference for sustainable protection and management of wildlife. © 2022
Global tantalum production from mines averages 1800 tons per year and hardly increases, but demand for tantalum in the electronics industry consistently increasing. Globally, 50% of total tantalum produced is being used for tantalum capacitors manufacturing, almost all demand from various industries is mainly met by primary resources only. Tantalum production and supply predominantly dominated by Congo and Rwanda which accounts for > 50%, add disadvantages for the strategic and economic competitiveness of other nations. To address the monopoly dominated by Congo and Rwanda, and the disparity of tantalum primary reserve, exploitation of secondary resources can alternatively address the drawbacks of primary resource distribution. Currently, hardly < 1% of tantalum getting recycled, and the poor recycling rate of tantalum is mainly contributed by the lack of efficient and sustainable valorization technology for recycling tantalum-bearing scraps like electronic capacitors and semiconductor industry tantalum scrap. In the current investigation, a sustainable tantalum extraction process from scrap dominated by hydrometallurgical route has been developed. Tantalum scrap which is passive to leach for tantalum recovery was calcinated for oxidation of TaN content and followed by tantalum has been leached using a mixture of NaF and HCl, a specially developed novel lixiviant for the purpose as an HF substituent. Calcination process parameter like temperature and time requirement for oxidation was optimized varying one parameter at a time. Then, the efficient leaching condition was optimized for quantitative leaching of tantalum. The process can achieve 99.99% efficient leaching, the process can successfully be applied for feasible industrial-scale tantalum scrap recycling. The HF substituent lixiviant can add advantages to overcome occupational and industrial operation safety challenges associated with HF lixiviant. The reported valorization process can be a sustainable tantalum recycling process that simultaneously can address UNO sustainable development goal, WEEE directive, and UNEP E-Waste Management goal. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Environmental disruptions can disturb the status quo. This can create the need for employees to navigate rapidly evolving demands in their work environment, often before formalized strategic plans can be developed and/or implemented. As such, understanding how employees experience and respond to these disruptions is critical for effective strategic human resource management. Drawing on appraisal theories of emotion, we argue that employees' appraisals of how the disruption has impacted their work can elicit discrete emotions (e.g., frustration and pride). In turn, these emotions can encourage employees to address challenges and opportunities by engaging in job crafting behaviors. Importantly, job crafting behaviors can have implications for subsequent employee outcomes (e.g., performance and well-being). We test our predictions using a three-wave survey (N = 402) in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic—an unexpected environmental disruption that sparked rapid change. Theoretically, our findings provide insight into why and how employees can self-initiate changes to their jobs in response to environmental disruptions as well as how job crafting behaviors impact employee outcomes. Practically, our findings provide insight and guidance to SHRM practitioners on how to effectively support and manage employees before, during, and after environmental disruptions. © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Recently, under the impacts of environmental shifts and human activities, marine ecosystem conservation and recovery have become increasingly important for the management and sustainable development of fishery resources. We construct two Ecopath models to describe and compare the similarities and differences in the structure and function of the ecosystems in Haizhou Bay (HZB) for 2020–2021 and Lvsi Fishing Ground (LSFG) for 2018–2019 in this study. Our results highlight the similarities of the two ecosystems in which plankton (e.g., zooplankton and phytoplankton) are important functional groups with bottom-up effect control and congers control the top-down effect. The differences between the two ecosystems indicate that the HZB ecosystem is relatively mature due to higher Finn’s cycling index (FCI), Finn’s mean path length (FMPL), Connectance Index (CI), System Omnivory Index (SOI), and Ascendency/capacity (A/C). However the food web structure in the LSFG is more diverse and stable with higher Overhead/capacity (O/C) and Overhead/capacity (H). The differences are possibly due to the low trophic level (TL) species composition in the two ecosystems. Therefore, we suggest that stock enhancement and release methods should be deployed to release high TL species into designated water areas to increase food web complexity and ecosystem maturity in HZB and LSFG. This study will help inform ecosystem and fishery regulations in different ways and facilitate discussion towards the establishment of strategic conservation planning and adaptive management. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Marine protected area (MPAs) and other effective area-based conservation measures (OECMs) have been crucial in protecting endangered species and habitats for sustainable ecosystem and marine biodiversity. China has nearly six decades of experience in the practice of MPAs. However, the management effectiveness of China's MPAs has been impeded by issues accumulated over the years. In 2018, the Chinese government embarked on a major institutional reform (2018 Reform) to upgrade its MPAs into natural protected area (NPA) system. This strategic decision and subsequent actions in transforming the existing protected areas (marine and terrestrial) to NPAs have brought substantial changes with significant implications towards an ecosystem-based management approach of China's national system for marine conservation. Based on the investigation of 27 representative MPAs and OECMs across the country, this study used 12 performance indicators to evaluate the management effectiveness of China's MPA system, and identified key issues affecting the effective operation of the system. The results indicated that the major issues hampering management effectiveness include multiple management agencies, lack of systematic planning for classification and zoning, lack of unified and specific legal system, and insufficient financial supports. On this basis, we examined new policy directives and work in progress relating to the reform, highlighted major changes to illustrate the extent to which the key issues being addressed, and pointed out the implications of the 2018 reform towards an ecosystem-based management approach and China's national effort towards global goals of conserving marine biodiversity. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: This study aims to highlight the significance of Performance Measurement System (PMS) as an “interactive” system that adapts to the organization's peculiar operational setup, thereby delivering optimal employee performance management benefits. Using Schatzki's (2002) “site of the social” theoretical conceptualization, it aims to empirically investigate the influence PMS's such strategic adaptation could have on employees' team performance through its mediating effect on improving organizational learning and knowledge sharing. Design/methodology/approach: In pursuit of the set objective, we conducted a survey of 200 employees in public accounting firms located in the two major Indonesian cities of Jakarta and Surabaya. The survey yielded 89 responses of which 87 were deemed fit for empirical analyses. The statistical analyses of the data were performed using SmartPLS. Findings: The statistical analyses using SmartPLS found evidence that the strategic use of the PMS positively influences team performance, both directly and indirectly, through its role in enhancing organizational learning; however, its role in enhancing knowledge sharing did not demonstrate leveraging team performance. Research limitations/implications: The study conclusions are based on a relatively small data sample and the context of a developing economy, and, hence, need to be replicated with caution. Originality/value: The study contributes to the management accounting theory and practice and emphasizes the strategic use of PMS to help improve organizational performance. Its novel “site” and context directs researchers' and practitioners' attention to the “interactive”, rather than passive and standalone, use of PMS to influence team performance and instigates a new debate on the management tool's optimal use. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This paper considers a dynamic platform-based, closed-loop supply chain consisting of a manufacturer and an online platform. As an online distributor of the manufacturer, the platform expands the market scale by exerting the platform power. At the same time, to solve the problem of inconsistency between the actual recycling amount and the theoretical recycling amount in the recycling process of waste electronic products, the whole-process supervision of waste products is carried out with the help of blockchain technology, which is difficult to tamper with and is traceable. With the help of differential game theory, four differential game models of manufacturer recycling and platform recycling with and without blockchain are established. The state feedback strategies are derived from Bellman’s continuous dynamic programming theory. Through analytical results and comparative analysis, the adoption conditions of blockchain and the impact of blockchain on the selection of recycling models are obtained. The results illustrated that the introduction of block-chain technology effectively improves the real recycling rate of waste electronics, building trust in consumers, which benefits corporations in certain conditions. However, it amplifies the double marginal effect of the CLSC. Nevertheless, the implementation of blockchain is still beneficial to con-sumers, as the adverse impact of the double marginal effect is compensated by the improvement in consumer surplus. In addition, the study shows that the implementation of the blockchain incentiv-izes members, who benefit on the same recycling model when the fixed cost of the blockchain and the share ratio of the residual value of waste electronics are between certain thresholds. That is, both the manufacturer and the platform are better off in a manufacturer recycling model enabled by blockchain. Moreover, in this model, the social welfare and the recycling rate of waste electronics are increased, which enable the CLSC to achieve benefits related to economy, environment, and society. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper extends the resource and knowledge-based view by integrating dynamic capability theory into a people-centric view of the firm in new and highly dynamic contexts. Juxtaposing people management and human resource management, we commend people centricity for knowledge management and dynamic capability formation within a context of highly dynamic environments induced not only by disruptive technology, unpredictable crises, and high-velocity emerging markets but augmented through simultaneous multilevel crisis events. We propose a novel and holistic framework of strategic people management that incorporates four dynamic constituents—leadership, culture, learning, networking—that help to acquire, transfer, and create knowledge relevant for a firm's sustainability. These unbundled constituents interact to create a systematic effect and co-evolve with a firm's dynamic capabilities. The paper emphasizes people-centricity as the infinity source of valuable, rare, inimitable, and organizational resources, such as knowledge workers, to continuously create, transfer, convert, and manage knowledge flows. © 2021
In this paper, we develop and study a complex data-driven framework for human resource management enabling (i) academic talent recognition, (ii) researcher performance measurement, and (iii) renewable resource allocation maximizing the total output of a research unit. Suggested resource allocation guarantees the optimal output under strong economic assumptions: the agents are rational, collaborative and have no incentives to behave selfishly. In reality, however, agents often play strategically maximizing their own utilities, e.g., maximizing the resources assigned to them. This strategic behavior is typically mitigated by implementation of performance-driven or uniform resource allocation schemes. Next to the framework presentation, we address the cost of such mitigation. © 2022, The Author(s).
Infrastructure supporting the transition of human societies from fossil fuels to renewable energy will require hundreds of millions of tons of metals. Polymetallic nodules on the abyssal seabed of the Clarion-Clipperton Zone (CCZ), eastern North Pacific Ocean, could provide them. We focus on ethical considerations and opportunities available to the novel CCZ nodule-collection industry, integrating robust science with strong pillars of social and environmental responsibility. Ethical considerations include harm to sea life and recovery time, but also the value of human life, indigenous rights, rights of nature, animal rights, intrinsic values, and intangible ecosystem services. A “planetary perspective” considers the biosphere, hydrosphere, and atmosphere, extends beyond mineral extraction to a life-cycle view of impacts, and includes local, national, and global impacts and stakeholders. Stakeholders include direct nodule-collection actors, ocean conservationists, companies, communities, interest groups, nations, and citizens globally, plus counterfactual stakeholders involved with or affected by intensification of terrestrial mining if ocean metals are not used. Nodule collection would harm species and portions of ecosystems, but could have lower life-cycle impacts than terrestrial mining expansion, especially if nodule-metal producers explicitly design for it and stakeholders hold them accountable. Participants across the value chain can elevate the role of ethics in strategic objective setting, engineering design optimization, commitments to stakeholders, democratization of governance, and fostering of circular economies. The International Seabed Authority is called to establish equitable and transparent distribution of royalties and gains, and continue engaging scientists, economists, and experts from all spheres in optimizing deep-sea mineral extraction for humans and nature. Nodule collection presents a unique opportunity for an ambitious reset of ecological norms in a nascent industry. Embracing ethical opportunities can set an example for industrial-scale activities on land and sea, accelerate environmental gains through environmental competition with land ores, and hasten civilization's progress toward a sustainable future. Integr Environ Assess Manag 2022;18:634–654. © 2021 The Authors. Integrated Environmental Assessment and Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Society of Environmental Toxicology & Chemistry (SETAC). © 2021 The Authors. Integrated Environmental Assessment and Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Society of Environmental Toxicology & Chemistry (SETAC).
Using the Resource Based View and Dynamic Capability theoretical lenses, this paper provides such a strategic treatise in exploring how the underlying dimensions of DMC can be understood within a higher-order DMC strategy and the influence of the latter upon the export performance of firms from an emerging market. The empirical findings drawn from a sample of 315 exporters representing eight industries from Bangladesh show that the DMC is a second-order latent construct consisting of four marketing capabilities: proactive market orientation, brand management capability, new product development capability, and customer relationship management capability. Additionally, this study identified three clusters of firms and showed that, among them, enthusiastic embracers—which are characterized by high levels of activity across marketing capabilities, such as proactive market orientation and brand management capability—achieve better performance. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
This study presents an optimal adaptive intelligent energy management strategy designed for a DC microgrid based on a fuel cell system (FC), photovoltaic array (PV), and battery bank. The main objective is to enhance the system's power saving. For this reason, an optimal adaptive FC-based energy management strategy (EMS) is designed. The optimizer updates the fuzzy membership functions according to the provided energy by the fuel cell and the main grid. The used optimizer is based on meta-heuristic optimization strategies such as particle swarm optimization (PSO); salp swarm algorithm (SSA); Archimedes optimization algorithm (AOA); marine predator algorithm (MPA); artificial ecosystem-based optimization (AEO); equilibrium optimizer (EO); political optimizer (PO) and tunicate swarm algorithm (TSA). Each one of the studied optimizers provides its proper performance depending on its optimization mechanism. To check the performance of both conventional and optimal adaptive FC based EMS, a comparative study was carried out utilizing Matlab Simulink. The obtained results prove the political optimizer's superiority (PO) over the other optimizers, where the obtained power saving using PO achieved 7.7% with a tracking efficiency of 99.571%. Statistical analysis using the Analysis of variance (ANOVA) test will be performed to approve the performance of the proposed energy management strategy. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Understanding recruitment dynamics is an essential part of effective fisheries management, whether the focus is on conservation, harvest policy development, or invasive species control. We developed a model that estimates lake-wide Ricker stock-recruitment relations for invasive sea lampreys (Petromyzon marinus) in each of the five Laurentian Great Lakes to inform future control efforts. We fit adult-to-adult models, taking advantage of a long time series of lake-wide, adult, sea lamprey abundance estimates. We incorporated proportional contributions at age for the stock as well as additional explanatory variables sea lamprey weight, as a surrogate for fecundity, and lampricide quantity applied, as a surrogate for anthropogenic mortality, to explain residual recruitment variability. The best model incorporated equal cohort contributions from the adult stock (that matured 5, 6, and 7 years prior to recruitment), a single productivity parameter (α) common to all five lakes, lake-specific carrying capacity parameters (βj), and coefficients for sea lamprey weight and lampricide quantity applied. The precision of the estimated Ricker parameters compared favorably to those estimated by adult-to-larva models, a promising development in the pursuit of sea lamprey recruitment prediction. The model should be useful to fisheries managers in the Great Lakes wishing to consider various recruitment overfishing strategies in the control of invasive sea lampreys, reaffirming that even models built on a single life stage can inform our understanding of ecological interactions and explorative management scenarios. © 2022
Purpose: This study aims to assess enterprise risk management (ERM) practices in waqf institutions (WIs) along with their strengths and weaknesses; highlight ERM trends in WIs; and determine the best ERM practices for these institutions. Design/methodology/approach: Data were collected via structured interviews with nine WI managers in Malaysia. A standardised questionnaire was adopted for the interviews, which focussed on ERM implementation in WIs. The collected data were analysed in three steps, namely, data reduction, data display and verification/conclusion. The frequency distribution of these data were then illustrated and the mean values and differences of the studied groups/variables were examined. Findings: WIs have a sub-optimal ERM implementation, whose aspects need to be improved over time. These institutions have focussed on their ERM practices at the strategic level yet ignored those at the operational level. Specifically, WI officers have well-defined internal environments and objectives, but risk monitoring, which ensures effective implementation of ERM, is lacking. The presence of risk management committees and units may be linked with the successful implementation of ERM. However, ERM knowledge and top management support do not show clearly associations with ERM implementation. WIs should focus on improving their ERM implementation governance. Research limitations/implications: Findings underscore the need for WIs to launch a formal ERM programme and for relevant stakeholders to create the appropriate infrastructures that support ERM implementation, including amended rules, ERM policies and allocated funds for training and education, to promote ERM implementation knowledge and awareness. The successful implementation of ERM not only improves the service quality, sustainability and performance of WIs but also promotes the national waqf agenda as a key economic driver. Originality/value: ERM in non-profit organisations, such as WIs, has received limited research attention relative to that in profit-driven organisations despite having unique risks. To the best of the knowledge, this study is the first to identify those trends that explain ERM practices and to determine the ERM best practices of WIs. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Rumors are an important yet poorly understood dynamic in environmental politics, particularly regarding their role in environmental activism. Drawing on theories of rumors, environmental information governance, and environmental activism, we analyzed the eco-politics of rumors in a Chinese village that experienced rumor-fueled protests against the construction and operation of a limestone quarry. We make three arguments regarding the condition, control, and content of rumors. First, poor environmental information governance, driven by a development-first and prejudice-rich official narrative and the strategic behaviors of blame and accountability avoidance, provides an important condition for rumor formulation and circulation. Second, the generation and circulation of rumors can be understood as a collective sense-making process driven by the informal communication between external and internal sources of information. The ephemeral nature of communication and group sanctions on government supporters make it difficult for authorities to control rumors. Third, by conceptualizing rumors as information warfare against official narratives, we show that rumors can foster a sense of collective urgency, reframe a land-right protest into an environmental protest that is politically more likely to succeed, and undermine public trust in local authorities. The findings suggest that rumors are an important part of environmental politics in China because of their role in environmental activism. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
New product and service introductions require careful joint planning of production and marketing campaigns. Consequently, they typically utilize multiple information channels to stimulate customer awareness and resultant word-of-mouth (WOM), availing of standard budget allocation tools. By contrast, when enacting strategic allocation decisions—which must align with other management imperatives—dividing expenditures across channels is far more complex. To this end, we formulate a multichannel demand model for new products (or services), amenable to analysis of inter- and intrachannel interaction patterns and with the WOM process, without building such interactions directly into the modeling framework. To address the notorious complexity of media planning over time, we propose a novel decomposition of the multichannel dynamic programming problem into two distinct “tiers”: the strategic tier addresses how to allocate total expenditure across channels, while the tactical tier studies how to allocate the channel-specific budgets (determined in the strategic tier) over time periods. This decomposition enables optimal media strategies to sidestep the curse of dimensionality and renders the model pragmatically estimable. Strategic tier analysis suggests a variety of novel insights, primarily that funds should not be allocated based on (relative) channel effectiveness alone but also systematically aligned with WOM generation. Specifically, each channel can face a “chasm-crossing” threshold, abruptly transitioning the adoption process from lead-users to mass-market penetration. Moreover, the model provides actionable managerial insights into when, and which, channel interactions are synergistic versus substitutive. Specifically, a channel's interactions are governed primarily by its own “leverage” (potential demand impact) and the WOM-based demand “momentum” (market penetration) it can generate, affording a novel basis for channel typography and firm action. The modeling framework is illustrated by examining camera sales for two media channels (free-standing inserts and radio) and their effects over 28 months. We use Bayesian machinery to estimate a highly flexible diffusion-based model, along with forecasts, media plans, and both theoretical and empirically-based qualitative insights. © 2022 Production and Operations Management Society.
This study aims at developing a purposeful approach for estimating greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and its possible use to recreate alternative scenarios that might potentially facilitate the attainment of the material productivity (MP) ratio needed for achieving territorial sustainable development (SDGs) and circular economy goals on climate. The propounded method associates these two key concepts (GHG-MP) with the domestic material consumption (DMC) and international trade of materials, including product life cycle emissions in the overarching GHG total estimation. Developed utilizing the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and diverse data, linked to the suggested scheme, from the Basque Country (Spain), this work also relies its scientific foundation upon leading literature in this field to align territorial models of production and consumption with a more localized measurement of GHG emissions. According to its results, the emissions estimated allow advising more contextualized scenarios for the potential achievement of local MP target indicator, when expressed as the amount of economic output―based on gross domestic product (GDP)—generated per unit of materials consumed and traded―in terms of DMC. From a theoretical perspective, this work contributes to the local strategic management of circular economy research and 2030 Agenda, particularly on the subject of measuring progress in the achievement of territorial climate and circular economy goals. From a utilitarian perspective, the findings comprise promising implications for both multilevel policy makers and public/private organizations that further sustainable development and actions against climate change. © 2021, The Author(s).
In the current context characterized by turbulent market conditions and the increasing relevance of sustainability requirements, reconfigurable manufacturing systems (RMSs) offer great potentialities for supply chains and networks. While plenty of contributions have addressed RMSs from a technological and system-specific perspective since the mid-1990s, the research interest for the strategic potentialities of RMSs at the supply chain level is recent and mainly related to building supply chains’ resilience and sustainability. Despite the interest, methods to support supply chains to strategically exploit RMSs are still missing, while being highly needed. In this paper, a method—consisting of an index to assess machines reusability and a mixed integer programming (MIP) algorithm—is provided to support the identification of reusable and reconfigurable machine candidates at the early stage of the strategic network design. The overall method allows machines to be compared based on their reusability and geographical locations. The application of the method, as well as an example referring to the production of emergency devices during the COVID-19 pandemic are reported. The theoretical and practical implications of the study are also discussed, and, among others, strategic parameters related to machines have been identified and elaborated as enablers of supply chain reconfigurability; the proposed method supports practitioners in improving supply chain resilience and sustainability. The method also encourages practitioners towards the development and adoption of reconfigurable machines. Finally, this study also has social impacts for local communities and stimulates customer-centric collaboration among companies belonging to similar industries and sectors. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Open online education experiences persistently high dropout rates, and the efficacy of dropout interventions has been questioned. Despite considerable research, dropout reasons are not fully understood, and further in-depth investigation has been called for. Prior qualitative retention studies have frequently relied on smaller samples that are unable to generate deeper appreciation of dropout reasons. Over 200 in-depth interviews were therefore conducted with students that had dropped out of open online education. The probability-based qualitative sample facilitated capture of subthemes down to a 5% incidence level or frequency of occurrence. Thematic analysis revealed 41 subthemes within 10 broad dropout reasons. While the broad dropout themes have been identified previously, the subthemes are new and provide richer understanding. This study also captured students' suggestions for what might have prevented their dropout. Thematic analysis identified 19 subthemes within 5 broad intervention themes that respond to the root dropout causes. Many intervention subthemes address personal and learner context dropout factors that have often been considered uncontrollable and unavoidable. This paper therefore redefines dropout in open online education and offers new insights for improving retention. It also provides a strategic framework for evaluating dropouts and prioritising student-informed interventions that respond to the main dropout causes. Practitioner notes What is already known about this topic Persistently high open online education dropout suggests existing interventions are ineffective. Prior qualitative retention studies identified the main dropout reasons, but small sample sizes failed to generate deeper insights and more in-depth investigation has been called for. What this paper adds A probability-based qualitative sample of 226 participants captured dropout subthemes down to a 5% level of incidence or frequency of occurrence. Thematic analysis identified 41 subthemes, within 10 broad dropout reasons. These subthemes are new and offer richer understanding. Thematic analysis also identified 19 subthemes within 5 broad dropout intervention areas that students suggested could have prevented their dropout. These include new insights for addressing dropout causes that have often previously been considered unavoidable. Implications for practice and/or policy The strategic framework provides a retention management approach that prioritises responding to the main dropout causes with student-informed interventions. This approach and the deeper understanding afforded by robust qualitative investigation should help reduce persistently high dropout rates. © 2021 The Authors. British Journal of Educational Technology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Educational Research Association.
Numerous issues have deterred investment in innovation, including technological and market uncertainty and the avoidance of long-run investment in renewable energy technologies by financial decision makers. To address this issue, we investigate the direct and indirect (inter-firm spillover) effects of government support and firm heterogeneity on productivity. Using panel data from Korean solar energy technology manufacturers, we determine the significance of firm heterogeneity in improving productivity. Specifically, we establish the positive impact of physical capital and organizational slack on productivity in the short and long run, and we find a long-run positive-spillover effect of intellectual capital on productivity. The results also show that productivity increases only when government support interacts with firm heterogeneity. This increase is related to the short- and long-run direct effects of the interaction between intellectual capital and non-R&D (Research and Development) subsidies, between organizational slack and R&D subsidies, and the long-run spillover effect via the interaction between non-R&D subsidies and organizational slack. Lastly, the policy and strategic repercussions of firm-level productivity enhancement in the solar energy technology industry are deliberated based on the findings of this study. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Digital-free tourism (DFT) has recently attracted tourism service providers’ attention for its benefits in terms of enhancing tourists’ experiences and well-being at destinations. DFT refers to tourists who are likely to voluntarily avoid digital devices and the Internet on holiday, or travel to destinations without network signals. DFT has advantages for tourists in increasing well-being, mental health, and social networking during their journeys. DFT also has a benefit for tourism marketers in that they can consider it as a new tourism approach. However, there is a lack of studies into tourists’ locus of control (LOC) while experiencing DFT holidays. LOC refers to how individuals assign the responsibility of event outcomes—whether they assign it to themselves (internal LOC) or they say it is beyond their control (external LOC). Therefore, the current study contributes to investigating tourists’ LOC impacts while experiencing DFT holidays. The study relies on semi-structured interviews with millennial tourists who have experienced DFT holidays. The study findings reveal that millennial tourists with an internal LOC (vs. external) are more likely to perceive the DFT advantages (vs. obstacles) during and after the DFT holidays. However, millennial tourists with external LOC incrementally change their attitudes and perceive the DFT holiday benefits through their self-efficacy enhancement. The findings propose managerial strategies for developing effective DFT holidays for millennial tourists regarding their LOC. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Strategic emerging marine industries have become a new economic growth pole, and countries worldwide seek to transform their land economy into a marine economy. Institutional supply is the primary way for governments worldwide to support the development of strategic emerging marine industries. To study the impact of market cultivation on the supply efficiency of China's marine strategic emerging industry system, this study established a regression model of market cultivation and marine strategic emerging industry system supply efficiency based on the data of marine strategic emerging industries from 2006 to 2018. The empirical results show that market cultivation inhibits the efficiency of the institutional supply of strategic emerging marine industries. This indicates that China's strategic emerging marine industries still need government funding support at this stage, and premature market cultivation is not conducive to their development. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to evaluate whether the implementation of sustainable business models contributes to improving a firm’s performance during a global crisis, such as the one caused by COVID-19. Based on the triple bottom line theory, the paper explores the relation between the creation of value through solid corporate social responsibility (CSR) strategies, United Nations (UN) Global Compact’s (GC) business model proposals and Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) reporting scheme. Design/methodology/approach: The present paper studies companies within the European Union, focusing specifically on the long-term impact of using the world’s most widely used standards for sustainability reporting – the GRI’s standards and/or the UNGC management models, as well as on the firm’s performance based on the financial results during COVID-19 crisis. To achieve this goal, the study analyses the share price of firms publicly listed in the FTSEMIB (benchmark index of Italy’s largest trading platform) out of those companies that are implementing the UN and GRI’s tools. Findings: Findings show how a commitment to sustainable business models and long-term CSR strategies can contribute to firm’s ability to overcome periods of economic crisis. Furthermore, implementing GRI standards and UNGC guidelines within the business model seems to have a positive impact in overcoming a hard context such as COVID-19. In addition, it contributes to a better understanding of stakeholders’ needs, consumer profiling and value creation. Originality/value: This study evaluates firms’ business models, considering the effects of decisions made in the context of COVID-19. The role of UNGC and GRI is evaluated in terms of their contribution to firms’ financial performance and corporate reputation during a context of hardship. Consequently, this study contributes to academia and practice, adding value in areas related to strategic planning and business model design. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to address the global COVID-19 pandemic related to its sustainability, such as environmental, economic and social concerns. The short study also examined how various innovative approaches can help promote sustainable production. Design/methodology/approach: The methodology examines hypothetical scenarios of the current pandemic and tries to describe the quality of evidence to facilitate careful, critical engagement by readers. Secondary data is used to identify sustainability challenges, such as environmental, social and economic viability challenges. The information in this report was gathered from numerous media outlets, research agencies, policy papers, newspapers and other sources to gain a better knowledge of the issue. Findings: As a result, most industry executives and policymakers are looking for appropriate strategies and policies to improve their practices and meet consumer demand. The outcomes explore that the COVID-19 pandemic is a central factor in changes in people’s behavior, reflecting sustainability such as environmental, social and economic responsibility. The COVID-19 outbreak, surprisingly, had a bigger effect on sustainable consumption, accompanied by environmental sustainability, and, to a lesser extent, social and economic viability. Research limitations/implications: Limited secondary evidence and data could not scrutinize the study’s actual problem statements. Hence, it is recommended that the gap in research be fulfilled by conducting a primary survey among various groups of economists, environmentalists and industrialists using the cluster sampling technique by validating the questionnaire of the total sustainable production system. Proposing frameworks for improving the resilience of production and a systematic possible upgraded manufacturing system by using the Industry 4.0 technology during operational processes could advance market demand. Practical implications: The COVID-19 scenario has compelled manufacturing firms to put their production systems on hold for an extended period while they seek long-term solutions to assure simple delivery and cooperation from both business and consumer standpoints. Various aspects of supply and demand are discussed in the referendum, as well as production and consumption challenges during the COVID-19 era. There is a need to restore the production system and find the right source of raw materials. This work focuses on commodity inventory management systems due to mass production, but due to pandemics, it is not in demand and vice versa. The researcher made comprehensible remarks on the use of digitization in the pandemic, which improves social distancing and social well-being and promotes the production system as well. Besides, manufacturing plants should switch to digital manufacturing to reduce the number of workplaces and hence the risk of an outbreak. Therefore, a better supply chain network is needed to supply more manufacturing units. Social implications: There is a bright side of coronavirus that the public health crisis raised worldwide has brought many opportunities for governments and society to make eternal reforms in the public health sector door. During restricted movements for fulfilling market demand, the Industry 4.0 technologies for automation, mechanization and digitalization can help significantly advance a company. This technological advancement and computer digitization for the perspective people may improve the environment, economic and social sustainability also increase social media adoption, which can be crucial for agri-businesses to evaluate customers’ behavior and consumption trends. Originality/value: The paper also instructed to identify critical success factors, barriers and drivers for dealing with the pandemic situation and to develop a strategic policy framework to improve production and process flexibility through the remarkable introduction of digital manufacturing. Before it is too late to stop the spread, producers and consumers must grasp the limits to which suppliers might drive nature. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The co-creation of knowledge through a process of mutual learning between scientists and societal actors is an important avenue to advance science and resolve complex problems in society. While the value and principles for such transdisciplinary water research have been well established, the power and empowerment dimensions continue to pose a challenge, even more so in international processes that bring together participants from the Global North and Global South. We build on earlier research to combine known phases, activities, and principles for transdisciplinary water research with a negotiated approach to stakeholder empowerment. Combining these elements, we unpack the power and empowerment dimension in transdisciplinary research for peri-urban groundwater management in the Ganges Delta. Our case experiences show that a negotiated approach offers a useful and needed complement to existing transdisciplinary guidelines. Based on the results, we identify responses to the power and empowerment challenges, which add to existing strategies for transdisciplinary research. A resulting overarching recommendation is to engage with power and politics more explicitly and to do so already from the inception of transdisciplinary activities as a key input for problem framing and research agenda setting.  © 2022 Leon M. Hermans et al.
Social networks have improved communications between organizations and their stakeholders. They enabled companies to adopt more active approaches as they could engage with users through digital media. This study aims to analyse whether companies operating in Mexico (hereafter called ‘Mexican companies’) and companies operating worldwide (hereafter called ‘global companies’) have an active presence on Facebook, and thus assess their level of participation on the social network. The main results indicate that companies generally have a large presence and frequent activity on Facebook, but rarely promote interaction and conversation. However, Mexican companies have a more active presence and participation than global companies comparatively. The study presents an x-ray of organizational communication management in Mexico and worldwide in the social network. Likewise, it provides some interesting professional contributions. © 2022 Intellect Ltd Article.
Purpose: This study aims to investigate solutions to answer several questions regarding the direct influence of the respond to environmental turbulence (ET) on firm performance (FP) and indirectly through business model transformation (BMT) on telecommunication internet service provider (ISP) in Indonesia. Furthermore, given the importance of telecommunication services for Indonesia to continue developing amid volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity, technology disruption impacts the telecommunication business. Also, investigating the relationship between BMT and FP simultaneously by embracing ET. Referring to the phenomena above, it is necessary to analyze what factors affect company performance. Therefore, this study aims to examine the effect of ET on FP, the effect of ET on BMT and the effect of ET on FP through BMT. Design/methodology/approach: This study surveyed 239 ISPs in Indonesia through their top-level management representatives. In addition, this study analyzed the overall model good of fit and causal relationship using confirmatory factor analysis and structural equation modeling. This type of research is verification research. This study takes a quantitative approach by measuring the sample variables built on the construct and representing the study population. Verification research aims to test answers to several research questions regarding ET variables, BMT and company performance. The data are primarily collected through questionnaires distributed online. Respondents are the top management of every ISP organization and company as the unit analysis in this study. Of the 298 questionnaires distributed, 239 valid responses (80.2%) were obtained using the cross-sectional time method, and samples that met these criteria were carried out using a simple random sampling technique. This study uses a multivariant measure in measuring construct dimensions. All items have been rated on a five-point Likert scale ranging from 1 (“strongly disagree”) to 5 (“strongly agree”). Findings: The results prove that responding to ET does not directly affect FP but indirectly affects FP through BMT. Thus, solutions to improve FP rely on BMT and build by developing responses to ET. The author finds that novelty BMT design is significantly related to what factors drive the business transformation towards achieving performance. Although, this study also finds that BMT positively mediates the relationship between ET to influence performance. ET alone is no longer adequate, and organizations need to revamp the BMT to achieve FP. The organization needs to leverage ET to respond to a shifting basis of competition and create a creative strategy to bring unserved customer segments and offer a high value for customer experience. This study also contributed to the movement of research trends targeted at BMT. This study provides an appropriate riposte for quantitative empirical studies that elucidate the correlation between BMT and FP by simultaneously embracing and managing ET. The relationship between BMT and the factors that support it will be higher comprehend when contextualized. This paper finds different designs and impacts of BMT on business transformation results that culminate in firm business performance as it faces an uncertain business environment that grows dynamically. Although this novelty is important, the authors found no support for effectiveness. However, this study highlights the robustness of the important factors that drive BMT to work effectively to improve business performance. Research limitations/implications: This research using the cross-sectional approach, thus cannot capture behavior over a period, might miss seizing the dynamic variable over an extensive period. Longitudinal studies can provide broader findings, especially by capturing the results of various dynamics levels in a certain period, and can analyze the causal relationship between variables in various time conditions. This research data was collected based on the provisions before COVID-19. Therefore, in the future, it may be useful to understand if there are differences in results during COVID-19. Further, researchers advise examining specific pandemic contingency factors as moderating variables for the current research model. Practical implications: This study provides the implications of three factors such as: theoretical aspect: enriches the contingency theory view with RBV integrated industrial organization approach: systematically share organization to manage the business transformation based on the situation environment. This research contributes to leveraging contingency theory and dynamic capability theory by presenting organizational interactions that adapt to changes caused by ET changes in internal and based on external situations. Managerial aspect: This study provides managers with a comprehensive perspective on enhancing strategic dynamics by understanding and developing capabilities adapted from dynamic markets. Besides, regulation is an important driving factor for business continuity. Adaptive regulation is predictive in nature and anticipates various future changes in line with business developments in the 4.0 era. Investigating a set of antecedents of ET in changing business models has highlighted the importance of complementarity as a critical factor in developing future research. Regulatory aspect: Telecommunication regulations must be able to predict, anticipate and respond to challenges of technological development and the needs of society; involving practitioners who are competent in drafting regulations (fair business competition); involving independent bodies in carrying out regulations and regulations do not need to regulate technical details related to technology details because technology changes rapidly. Therefore, another recommendation for the managerial is managers need to improve skills to build ET strategic competencies on strategic resource flexibility, adapt to rapid changes and increase insight into opportunities associated with strategy implementation. Managers require developing a team that acts as a creative change agent to identify and predict unstable business conditions and harmonize changes from uncertainty in implementing policies and regulations. Managers must apply their leadership style effectively to appropriate situations to adapt to the effects of changing markets, regulations and competitors. Social implications: Telecommunication regulations expect to answer the global community’s needs that have developed into a networked civil society via the internet, answering the community’s needs, not just to follow trends and technological speeds. The implication of research on regulators requires the need to quickly formulate new regulations because the lengthy process of drafting regulations will result in unclear rules of play between stakeholders involved in business and communication technology. Originality/value: This study extends the contingency theory and dynamic capabilities through organizational interactions, collaborative with RBV theory, and this study also extends previous research on business model innovation. Respond to ET alone cannot face unpredictable business turbulence. Organizations need to revamp the business model to achieve performance and examine BMT’s central role as unique to the service context and distinct from the more studied innovation process. This study highlights the strength of the critical factors that drive the BMT to work effectively to improve business performance, which shows the importance of paradigm-shifting innovation through empirical studies that explain the correlation between BMT and FP while embracing response to ET. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Companies' ability to build sustainable supply chains and achieve strategic sustainability objectives largely depends on their supply network characteristics and the nature of the relationships with strategic suppliers. This poses the question of how purchasing departments can help to translate this sustainability commitment into performance benefits. The authors focus the attention on buyer-supplier information sharing practices and study how the availability of information interplays with the purchasing realized absorptive capacity (PRAC) to positively impact performance (operational, environmental and social). Design/methodology/approach: The study collected data from 305 procurement executives in four European countries and tested the hypotheses empirically using structural equation modeling. Mediation analysis is used to test the effect of PRAC on the relationship between buyer-supplier information sharing and performance. Findings: The results show that increasing buyer-supplier information sharing is sufficient to obtain a positive impact on operational performance. To improve purchasing sustainability performance, companies need to develop their PRAC to adequately transform and exploit external information and identify opportunities in the environmental and social areas. Thanks to these purchasing capabilities, organizations can overcome potential trade-offs between different performance dimensions. Originality/value: In the context of collaborative buyer-supplier relationships, this study is one of the first to propose purchasing knowledge management capabilities (i.e. PRAC) as a key factor to improve multiple performance dimensions. Additionally, it captures different sustainability aspects, concluding that organizations can improve purchasing operational, environmental and social performances by implementing appropriate information sharing mechanisms with suppliers and developing their PRAC. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Optimized fertilization practices are a promising management strategy for sustainable rice production. Green manuring, straw incorporation, postponing nitrogen (N) application, formula fertilization, combined application of organic and inorganic fertilizers, reducing fertilization, deep fertilization, slow/controlled-release fertilizers (S/CRFs), and biochar addition are nine frequently used optimized fertilization practices in China. The nitrogen use efficiency (NUE) improvement, yield increase, and N loss-reducing effects of these practices were analyzed based on multisite studies across China. An index system considering the applicability and effects of various practices was developed to identify their potential distributions. The results indicated that 76.5% of all paddies in China are overfertilized regions under the current rice yields. Optimized fertilization practices were mainly adopted in central and eastern China regions with serious water pollution and excessive fertilization. Postponing N application, S/CRFs, and formula fertilization had wide applicability nationwide, suitable for 100% of all paddies, followed by straw incorporation (98.8%), deep fertilization (81.4%), green manuring (67.0%), reducing fertilization (44.0%), biochar addition (33.7%), and combined application of organic and inorganic fertilizer (23.4%). Overall, except for reducing fertilization, which decreased yields by an average −2%, most practices increased yield by more than 5% and reduced total N losses by more than 15%. Reducing fertilization, postponing N application, S/CRFs, straw incorporation, and green manuring are five eco-friendly practices with wide distribution, low inputs, and good effects. By fully implementing the recommended combination scenarios based on the five preferred practices at the country level, the total yield increasing rate and N loss-reducing rate were 3~9% and 15~35%, respectively. Optimized fertilization in China has noticeable potential to alleviate agricultural non-point source pollution while ensuring rice yield. © 2022, INRAE and Springer-Verlag France SAS, part of Springer Nature.
Many companies consider sustainability issues important and have separate corporate sustainability and business strategies. However, many companies fail to combine business success and the advancement of sustainable development. This paper presents the integrated strategy perspective, which refers to a business strategy aligned with sustainability principles and aiming to solve global sustainability challenges relevant for the company. Through an integrated strategy, a company can advance sustainable development while doing business. An in-depth case study was conducted to explore the factors influencing an integrated strategy implementation process in a global horticulture company during 2020–2021. The identified factors are organization-related and employee-related success conditions, internal and outward activities advancing implementation, and market-related conditions. The findings were synthesized into a conceptual framework for conditions and activities influencing the implementation of an integrated strategy. The objective is for other companies to be able to use the findings as guidelines when implementing their integrated strategy in practice and to avoid some of the pitfalls that have formerly led new sustainability strategies to fail. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: Covid-19 pandemic impacted the tourism industry worldwide. Especially in catering, where restaurateurs have had to reinvent their business models, information and communication technologies (ICTs) play a fundamental role in supporting these changes, transforming barriers into opportunities. The purpose of this study is to investigate how restaurateurs’ perception of ICTs has changed before and during Covid-19 and to detect whether ICTs can be considered a tool to foster antifragility, resilience and value co-creation as ideal outcomes. Design/methodology/approach: This study presents a longitudinal study on the use of ICT platforms by Italian restaurant managers. The case study analyzed is TheFork. Data collection took place in two different rounds: before Covid-19 (year 2017) and during Covid-19 (year 2020). Findings: The findings of this study reveal how new rules imposed by the Government changed restaurant managers’ attitudes towards technology. In 2017, restaurateurs showed reticence towards technology, not used in a strategic way; today, everyone uses ICT to improve business. Originality/value: The study shows that ICT platforms enable antifragility, resilience and value co-creation, creating a service ecosystem supporting restaurant management. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Much in accounting research depends upon equity valuation. Too often, what the stock of publicly traded companies trade at is taken at its face value. Knowing that valuation is a function of performance relative to consensus security analyst expectations, more needs to be known about how these expectations are created and changed. The paper aims to assert that the guidance provided by top-level company management is important to the work product of analysts. The paper develops information from managers involved in these interactions. Design/methodology/approach: Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 31 high-level executives employed by large USA companies in several industries. What those companies provided was interpreted through the theoretical lens of institutional theory and amounts to a qualitative content analysis approach to the subject. Findings: The authors find that institutional theory well describes the important features of analyst guidance. Participants are aware of the broad societal interest that exists in the outcome of the guidance process. The participants accept the need for independent analyst opinions about their companies and their future prospects. In many ways, executives provide analysts more than just raw information and employ strategic structuring for analysts to produce expectations that will allow their companies a favorable pathway to future success as such is judged by the markets. The result is understood as being in the best interests of all market participants, even if it disproportionately benefits current corporate leadership. Research limitations/implications: Results are dependent upon the interview process, needing the correct questions to be asked and the willingness of interviewees to speak their lived truth. The paper calls into question traditional capital markets studies that evaluate quantitative relationships between projected accounting balances and subsequent stock market prices as a literal truth or as the result of scientific calculation. Practical implications: Market participants should be somewhat more skeptical about companies that are routinely able to meet analyst expectations. To a large extent, such displays do not just happen but instead are manufactured to take place by virtual of a careful dance that is mindful of excesses on several sides. Social implications: The antagonistic interests of two important groups in the stock market is actually an unrecognized symbiotic dependency that prioritizes continued permission. Originality/value: The accounting literature is very dependent on the work product of analysts. This is a rare opportunity to peak behind the curtain of their expertise in a critical fashion. The paper breaks ranks with the literature by trying to understand the thinking behind the narratives of capital market participants. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This paper studies two manufacturer rebate strategies in a green supply chain. The results show that: 1) Irrespective of the type of rebate strategy used, channel members benefit; 2) Rebates for green products improve the green level of green products; 3) The more significant the slippage effects are, the more beneficial the rebate strategies are, for channel members. On this basis, the model is expanded to consider asymmetric potential market demands and asymmetric product substitution rates, respectively. The results show that the product substitution rate does not affect the strategic preference of channel members, but the potential market demand does. © 2022, Science Press (China). All rights reserved.
Although organizational slack is a prominent construct in strategic management, it is often treated as an antecedent or enabler of other organizational outcomes, and thus our understanding of where slack comes from is underdeveloped. We draw on the behavioral theory of the firm to develop a better understanding about the antecedents of organizational slack. In so doing, we address a gap in the literature on the antecedents of slack by developing base models showing how and why performance feedback influences the three most common types of slack studied in the literature. Moreover, we contend that ownership is an important contingency that influences these relationships because different types of owners are motivated by different norms. Within a “communitarian” culture such as Japan, domestic owners generally have a multifaceted relationship with the firm and hence are motivated by norms of reciprocity and embeddedness, thereby allowing managers to adopt a stakeholder perspective. In contrast, foreign investors typically have only an arm’s-length relationship with the firm and are thus motivated by stock price, thereby putting “contractarian” pressures on managers to adopt a shareholder perspective. This domestic/foreign ownership distinction influences how resources are allocated and therefore the relationship between performance feedback and different types of slack in the firm. We further emphasize that these relationships will vary in accordance to where the slack resides: internal or external to the firm. We find general support for our hypotheses. © The Author(s) 2021.
Purpose: This study aims to extend the technology acceptance model (TAM) to examine whether the introduction of robots influences employees’ behavioral intentions to use robots and awareness of robots to promote human–robot collaboration (HRC). Besides, the role of strategic human resource management (HRM) involvement as a moderator in the perception of robots as a team member was investigated. Design/methodology/approach: Data were collected from 500 respondents via the Amazon Mechanical Turk platform. After data cleaning, 329 valid responses were analyzed. Partial least squares structural equation modeling was applied using Smart PLS Ver. 3.0 to test the study’s measurement and proposed research model. Findings: The study results show that robots’ perceived usefulness and ease of use positively influence employees’ behavioral intentions to use robots. In addition, the advantages and disadvantages of robots have a positive impact on robot awareness. Employees’ behavioral intentions and awareness contribute positively to HRC. On the other hand, the moderating role of strategic human resources (HR’s) involvement in the relationships was insignificant. Research limitations/implications: This study provides an exclusively applied understanding of robot presence and embodiment relevant to real-world HRC. In the travel, tourism and hospitality (TTH) industry, employees’ intention to use robots and robot awareness are significant factors. However, HRM involvement without the acceptance of robots could not enhance HRC. Originality/value: Based on the literature review, to the best of the authors’ knowledge, this study is one of the first on this topic and extends TAM with new antecedents related to robot use, robot awareness and HRC in the TTH industry. In addition, this model attempts to determine the factors that favor HRC in the industry. This study also assessed the moderating role of strategic HR’s involvement in the behavioral intention of robot use, robot awareness and HRC. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Objective: The article discusses the novelties of the legal regulation of budget planning, public debt management, and inter-budgetary relations as mechanisms for balancing the budget system. The purpose of the study was to establish and substantiate new legal phenomena aimed at optimizing the budget deficit of the meso-level of the budget system. Methods: The method of legal analysis of the current legislation of the Russian Federation and the practice of its application, as well as the analysis of legal doctrine, historical method, and techniques of complex interpretation of legal phenomena and institutions, were used to achieve the goal. Results: As a result, the trend of expansion in the conditions of economic turbulence of administrative mechanisms to ensure the equilibrium of the budget system was justified. Such mechanisms include the rating of the subjects of the Russian Federation, strategic planning, and the "model" budget. Conclusion: The emphasis has been placed on the fulfillment by these mechanisms of the function of stimulating the investment-active behavior of the subjects of Russia. The formulation of the principle of budget equilibrium of the budget system for inclusion in Article 33 of the Budget Code of the Russian Federation has been proposed. © 2022, Centro Universitario Curitiba - UNICURITIBA. All rights reserved.
Compared with large organizations, small businesses have been slower to adopt quality management practices. This study combined the context-free perspective with the contingency theory of quality management to investigate the association between quality management and the quality and operational outcomes of a sample of 231 small businesses that applied for the Baldrige quality excellence award program. Using a pooled cross-sectional design and structural equation modeling, we examined the validity and reliability of the Baldrige model for measuring the quality management practices of small businesses, to determine the relationship between the Baldrige criteria and their impact on quality outcomes. Our analysis confirms the validity and reliability of the Baldrige quality excellence model when used as an assessment tool for improving the performance outcomes and competitiveness of small businesses. Based on the results, leadership was found to be the key determinant of quality outcomes during the application year, with leadership practice scores increasing by 40% over 16 years. This study found that Information analysis and knowledge management only influences Customer focus and satisfaction, but Strategic planning for quality and Management of process quality significantly and positively influence both Customer focus and satisfaction and Quality and operational results. However, the score for Quality and operational results diminishes over time for small businesses. This study provides some effective insights and recommendations for small businesses as well as policymakers looking to support small businesses’ quality and competitiveness, because quality improvements will enhance the stability, profitability, and survivability of small businesses when facing crises like the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Circular economy is an upward trending notion that has drawn worldwide attention of policymakers, industry administrators, environmentalist as well as academic researchers. Though there are several tools developed for monitoring the material recovery, a very few number of research have been conducted to integrate circular economy principles with end-of-life (EOL) management strategies. This paper proposes an EOL-driven circular economy framework for the management of materials flow so as to extend the lifetime of materials through improved durability as well as to provide more social, economic and environmental benefits through less material waste. A case study from the agricultural waste industry is presented in order to test the model and validate its performance. The results show that the proposed framework has a good potential for small and medium enterprises (SME) advances. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Most old urban areas of China have a dense population, severely indurated underlying surface, and highly developed underground space. Those increase the waterlogging risk and obstruct the stormwater management in old urban areas. To propose an appropriate engineering strategy for low impact development (LID) transformation in an urban area, a simulation was carried out by storm water management model (SWMM) in this project. Bioretention cells, permeable pavements, and green roofs were selected according to the study area surface. Runoff control performance of single LID control and combined schemes were compared. Results illustrate that only 50.21% of roofs can build green roofs in urban areas with dense populations, and the runoff control performance of green roofs is unsatisfactory, while bioretention cells and permeable pavements can effectively mitigate runoff caused by storms with a recurrence period less than 10 years, and combined LID controls can obtain better runoff control performance with less construction area. Those outcomes screened out the LID controls suitable for application in densely populated old urban areas and put forward reasonable engineering practice strategies. This study provides guidance and reference for the LID transformation in the densely populated old urban area. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Marine classification schemes based on abiotic surrogates often inform regional marine conservation planning in lieu of detailed biological data. However, these schemes may poorly represent ecologically relevant biological patterns required for effective design and management strategies. We used a community-level modeling approach to characterize and delineate representative mesoscale (tens to thousands of kilometers) assemblages of demersal fish and benthic invertebrates in the Northwest Atlantic. Hierarchical clustering of species occurrence data from four regional annual multispecies trawl surveys revealed three to six groupings (predominant assemblage types) in each survey region, broadly associated with geomorphic and oceanographic features. Indicator analyses identified 3–34 emblematic taxa of each assemblage type. Random forest classifications accurately predicted assemblage distributions from environmental covariates (AUC > 0.95) and identified thermal limits (annual minimum and maximum bottom temperatures) as important predictors of distribution in each region. Using forecasted oceanographic conditions for the year 2075 and a regional classification model, we projected assemblage distributions in the southernmost bioregion (Scotian Shelf-Bay of Fundy) under a high emissions climate scenario (RCP 8.5). Range expansions to the northeast are projected for assemblages associated with warmer and shallower waters of the Western Scotian Shelf over the 21st century as thermal habitat on the relatively cooler Eastern Scotian Shelf becomes more favorable. Community-level modeling provides a biotic-informed approach for identifying broadscale ecological structure required for the design and management of ecologically coherent, representative, well-connected networks of Marine Protected Areas. When combined with oceanographic forecasts, this modeling approach provides a spatial tool for assessing sensitivity and resilience to climate change, which can improve conservation planning, monitoring, and adaptive management. © 2022 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada. Ecological Applications published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Ecological Society of America. Reproduced with the permission of the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans Canada.
In an effort to become a global manufacturing giant, India has launched an ambitious “Make in India” campaign. In this article, we discussed the initiatives launched by Indian Government to create a sustainable economy, as well as opportunities for national and international start-up organisations to reinforce “Make in India” campaign. For the first time, we present an in-depth discussion of Green India policies and manufacturing sector challenges. The aim is to improve the manufacturing output of India and reduce dependence on foreign imports for which campaigns like “Atmanirbhar Bharat” which translates into “Self-Reliant-Green” India has also been started. Department of Science & Technology play a key role in establishing various programs such as infrastructure development, technological support, and green manufacturing programs all of which help to translate “discovery research” into “commercially viable technologies”. It focuses specifically on “Startups”, MSME's, young scientists, R&D labs and traditional manufacturing units that have little access to financial support but are an integral part of the Indian manufacturing ambit. The programs are interconnected and designed to function in a way that every support could be provided to the indigenous manufacturing, innovation and implementation of climate-resilient green growth strategies. © 2021
There is a growing impact of digitalization on the management processes in the construction industry. This trend enhances changes in decision-making related to the Occupational Health and Safety. This paper aims to study the Building Information Modelling (BIM) and digital twin technology integration within the decision-making processes related to safety management in building construction industry. Considering the complexity of the occupational health and safety management, the decision-making processes and operational performance in this field requires special emphasis on communication, data gathering and feedback organization-wide. As technologies advanced and flexible enough, the BIM-based digital twinning provides an opportunity to give decision-making support in the scope of complex situations and comprehensive data management of construction projects. Through the real-time interfaces and the users´ information sharing BIM-based digital twinning is a big step in the direction of safety management based on predictive analysis, all users/workers inclusion and smart assets optimization and assessment of the decision-making processes at all operational levels. As the application of BIM methods is widely spread along the whole cycle of building construction from the project definition till the post-execution inspection, the correct and predictive data collection from BIM and its´ 3D visualization through digital twins stand out as a significative progress in prevention of risks through the safety planning and simulation. This collaborative safety planning and predictive risk awareness within construction the projects are to become the starting points to combining general technical planning with novel safety management functions. Through scoping literature review the study of emergent technologies application for the occupational health and safety in BIM-related construction projects has been carried out. The main finding of this research is a proposal of BIM-based digital twins’ framework able to enhance strategic developments of proactive solutions of safety planning and management in construction industry. BIM-based digital twinning facilitates to overcome the employees´ resistance and to improve safety management related communication that is considered the reason for construction relatively high ratios of accidents. BIM-based digital twins are advanced and flexible enough to give decision-making support in the scope of complex situations and comprehensive data management of construction projects. The initial conceptual framework of correlations among Safety Management processes, general strategic decision-making on a project level, BIM-based digital twins and Decision Support System, is outlined. As well as the BIM-based digital twin framework for decision-making of safety management has been outlined applying the Research through Design. However, the future in-depth strategic analysis of BIM-based digital twin as a decisive factor of decision-making in safety management will be required to determine functional model suitable to be implemented on executive level of construction companies. © 2022 Universidad Politecnica de Madrid. All rights reserved.
Mountain grazing lands are key constituents of the natural, economical and cultural heritage, but at the same time sensitive to climate and land use change, hence requiring urgent adaptation and management strategies. These must be based on a better understanding of the distribution of mountain pastoral resources across space and time. In this study we model the distribution and the productivity of grassland surfaces in a topographically complex protected area (Gran Paradiso National Park, 710 km2) in north-western Italian Alps. The objective of our work was threefold: a) modelling the distribution of mountain grasslands across the entire park at a 20-meters spatial resolution, b) classify pastoral surfaces according to productivity classes, and c) according to thirteen pastoral categories. We used a random forest approach to combine a massive terrain vegetation survey as ground truth, with remote-sensing-derived, climatic and topographic layers as predictors. Grassland presence/absence was classified with high accuracy (up to 88%) and, compared to the standard Copernicus European Grassland Product, revealed the presence of extensive high altitude grassland areas potentially available for wild herbivores. Grassland productivity was modelled with remarkably high accuracy both according to three broad productivity classes (90% accuracy) and to a more detailed classification into thirteen pastoral categories (83% accuracy). Productivity estimates agree well with satellite-derived leaf area index maps and with area-averaged NDVI seasonal patterns. We conclude that combining tailored field campaigns and high-resolution remote sensing allows for robust prediction of grassland distribution and productivity even in complex terrains. This information can contribute to improve the management of pastoral resources and promote effective adaptation strategies. © 2022
There is a dearth of sport marketing research investigating the strategic potential of socially responsible sport marketing practices for organizations in the sport management industry. Despite the more recent focus on this the emergent topic within marketing literature, there is a lack of application of cause-related marketing (CRM) and social marketing (SM) strategies in the sport marketing context. Furthermore, these strategies are often confused with corporate social responsibility (CSR). The main purpose of this study was therefore to investigate the adoption of CRM and SM marketing strategies by professional sport organizations (PSOs) in South Africa. An interpretivist philosophy and qualitative approach was adopted for the study, which centered on in-depth interviews conducted with key individuals from six South African PSOs. The findings revealed encouraging evidence of South African PSOs engagement in CRM and SM activities. However, it also revealed that the strategic potential of these elements were not leveraged, mainly due to a lack of understanding of these concepts. The differences and similarities between CRM and SM are identified, according to practitioner understandings. The study contributes to sport marketing literature and practice by proposing a conceptual framework to guide the effective planning and execution of strategic CRM and SM campaigns by PSOs. This framework can assist PSOs to engage in social responsible marketing approaches to improve their marketing performance while maintaining socially responsible business practices. © The Author(s) 2022.
This article studies the emergence of bullying in Chile, considered as a cognitive, affective, and pragmatic configuration. It analyzes how it has been incorporated into public use in the country during the last two decades, becoming an object of legislation, regulation, and management, and converted into an object of government. The study is based on interviews with 16 strategic informants, 562 news, and more than 350 documents. After identifying milestones in the emergence of bullying as an epistemic object internationally, we describe its arrival and reconfiguration in the country. We propose that social scientists, international organizations, and mass media were crucial in the international transport and national assemblage of bullying. Its national configuration, made possible by four key groups of experts from the social sciences, occurred within the State’s networks and was operationalized through legislation and public intervention programs. A normative framing associated with human rights provided this object with a strong normative force. This research contributes to understanding how epistemic objects such as bullying become part of shared experiences of social reality. © The Author(s) 2022.
Private-owned protected areas (PPAs) can help to halt the biodiversity decline and be widely adopted in practice because of their ease of implementation. However, their effectiveness in the highly fragmented landscape may differ between regions, and therefore implementation of potential PPAs should be preceded by detailed spatial analyses of ecological connectivity. Here, we identify forest remnants that are connectivity priorities and represent opportunities for the potential establishment of additional PPAs. The study focuses on two biogeographical subregions (“Serra do Mar” and “Bahia”) of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest, a biome that has been eroded by large-scale fragmentation. Our study shows that none of the forest remnants had a high opportunity for future PPAs in Bahia, even though one-third of the total area was identified as priorities. In contrast, 30% of forest remnants in the Serra do Mar had a high opportunity for future PPAs out of a total of 48% of forest remnants considered priorities. Therefore, our results suggest that the Serra do Mar has a large potential for the development of a network of PPAs in the future, which might not be the case in Bahia. Our findings highlight the need to combine the underlying natural connectivity of a study system and opportunities to implement new private protected areas as key ingredients for a rapidly growing protected area network. © 2022 Elsevier GmbH
Water quality monitoring (WQM) of urban rivers has been a reliable method to supervise the urban water environment. Indiscriminate WQM strategies can hardly emphasize the concerning pollution and usually require high costs of money, time, and manpower. To tackle these issues, this work carried out a multi-dimensional study (large spatial scale, multiple monitoring parameters, and long time scale) on the water quality of two urban rivers in Jiujiang City, China, which can provide indicative information for the optimization of WQM. Of note, the spatial distribution of NH3-N concentration varied significantly both in terms of the two different rivers as well as the different sections (i.e., much higher in the northern section), with a maximal difference, on average greater, than five times. Statistical methods and machine learning algorithms were applied to optimize the monitoring objects, parameters, and frequency. The sharp decrease in water quality of adjacent sections was identified by Analytical Hierarchy Process of water quality assessment indexes. After correlation analysis, principal component analysis, and cluster analysis, the various WQM parameters could be divided into three principal components and four clusters. With the machine learning algorithm of Random Forest, the relation between concentration of pollutants and rainfall depth was fitted using quadratic functions (calculated Pearson correlation coefficients ≥ 0.89), which could help predict the pollution after precipitation and further determine the appropriate WQM frequency. Generally, this work provides a novel thought for efficient, smart, and low-cost water quality investigation and monitoring strategy determination, which contributes to the construction of smart water systems and sustainable water source management. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper explores how organizational members perceive identity (dis)continuity when they are caught in the crossfire during strategic change programmes. Illustrative data stems from a Finnish company that underwent a change from family ownership to corporate investor ownership, resulting in a broad organizational transformation. The findings indicate that organizational members perceive identity (dis)continuity during strategic change programmes in many ways, influenced by both the organizational context and personal experience. The organization's ability to signal continuity and the strength of the individual member's emotional bond to the old organization seem to be key elements in directing member perceptions towards identity continuity or discontinuity – in other words, liminality. The organizational identity perspective improves our understanding of the individual-level dynamics of strategic change programmes, helping managers engage and motivate members to execute the change. In effect, strategic change programmes where programme management understands and acknowledges the role of identity may improve organizational outcomes. © 2022 The Author(s)
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to analyze the impact of knowledge management (KM) in terms of organizational performance using structural equation modeling. To enhance organizational performance, KM is used as a powerful strategic tool. The factors such as management commitment, leadership and organizational culture are the KM enabler’s conditions, and the step processes of KM are knowledge capture, creation, organizing/storing and transfer, and through this, KM is analyzed on organizational performance in the context of leathers manufacturing company. This study constructs with questionnaire consist of 34 variables. Design/methodology/approach: There are about 101 samples that were collected through the questionnaire survey method in the leather companies in Ranipet. The data were collected from executives and associates in the leather companies. Data were analyzed using the SPSS tool and SMART PLS tool used for framing a research model and the hypothesized relationships were tested through partial least squares structural equation modeling technique. Findings: The finding of this study is mandatory to implement a structured KM practice in the leather companies. Application of KM is quite an impact on organizational performance, which leads to profitability and productivity. Originality/value: This is the first paper to empirically investigate the KM enablers, process and support for the role of KM practices at leather industry. Further, the positioning of KM practices as a strategic competitive tool can be considered as an influential factor to organizational performance. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: To maintain auditor independence, Section 201 of the Sarbanes–Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX) imposes restrictions on audit firms in rendering management advisory services (MASs) to audit clients. Responding to the requirement, audit firms establish a strategic alliance with consulting companies to expand their scope of services to alleviate the impairment of auditor independence. Taiwan follows the spirit of SOX in related laws and regulations. To investigate the effects of SOX on Taiwanese auditing industry, this study aims to examine the relationship between MASs and operating performance of audit firms. Design/methodology/approach: This study obtains empirical data from the 1989–2017 Survey Report of Audit Firms in Taiwan, published by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC). FSC administers the survey across all registered audit firms annually to collect business information on the auditing industry for macro-economic analysis and industrial policy development. The authors group audit firms into three categories: national, regional and local firms. Based on the structure-conduct-performance (S-C-P) theoretical framework, this study establishes the following cross-sectional regression equation to test the authors’ hypotheses. Findings: Main results indicate that national firms have better post-SOX firm and alliance performance. Both firm and alliance MASs contribute more to the performance of national firms after SOX. Practical implications: This study claims that national firms establish alliance with consulting companies for resource sharing but regional and local firms for tax-saving. Originality/value: Consistent with the economic theory of regulation and resource-based theory, SOX matters in Taiwan. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The Wasur National Park (WNP) includes the Ramsar Site, an important area for global conservation efforts in wetlands. This coastal area also supports the socio-economic activities of local and non-local communities who are highly dependent on natural resources. Conservation efforts in the area are sometimes at odds with the sustainability of local livelihoods and poverty alleviation initiatives for the community. The aim of this study is to describe the sources of community livelihoods in the Wasur Naukenjerai National Park area, specifically around agricultural, fisheries, and sand mining dynamics. Using a qualitative research design, this study uses a field survey to collect primary data sourced from key informants with in-depth interviews from 15 community respondents in three sample villages on the coast, and seven key informants from relevant government agencies. The results show that the main livelihood source for people in the protected area are as fishermen and farmers. Sand mining has emerged as an alternative source of livelihood but has caused degradation of beaches and land in the Wasur National Park area. In addition, there are activities of buying and selling agricultural land in protected areas. The protection of the rights of the community in the area and government support programs have been unable to guarantee the welfare of the community. For this reason, it is necessary to strengthen and further support local institutions livelihoods to ensure the sustainability of Wasur National Park area management. © 2022 by Forest and Society.
With the rise of social media, brand communication has undergone tremendous changes. In particular, small brands have been affected severely. Given this, this study investigated strategies for how small brands can survive in the digital age using a case study of Louise Kennedy, a representative Irish fashion designer brand. After examining a total of 2,899 tweets, the study finds a strategic mechanism for heritage branding on social media, and confirms the important role of cultural heritage in the success of small brands. As a result, the study extends prior studies on heritage branding to fashion marketing on social media. Also, it provides actionable insights for small brands to survive the social media firestorm. © The Author(s) 2022.
Major invasions of Indo-Pacific lionfish (Pterois volitans and P. miles) are underway in the Western Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea. While the establishment of lionfish in the Western Atlantic is perhaps the most well-studied marine fish invasion to date, the rapidly expanding invasion in the Mediterranean is more recent and has received less attention. Here we review and synthesize successes and failures from two decades of lionfish management in the Western Atlantic to give policy recommendations for their management in the Mediterranean. Two failed approaches that were attempted multiple times in the Western Atlantic and that we advise against are (1) feeding lionfish to native fish to promote predation and (2) implementing bounty programs to incentivize lionfish harvest. Broadly, the most important management lessons that we recommend include (1) conducting routine removals by spearfishing with scuba, which can effectively suppress local abundances of lionfish; (2) encouraging the development of recreational and commercial lionfish fisheries, which can promote long-term, sustainable lionfish population control; and, (3) engaging local communities and resource users (e.g., with lionfish removal tournaments), which can concurrently achieve multiple objectives of promoting lionfish removals, market-development, research, and public education. Managers in the Western Atlantic often needed to adapt current conservation policies to enable lionfish removals in areas where spearfishing with scuba was otherwise prohibited for conservation purposes. The risk of abusing these policies was mitigated through the use of gear restrictions, diver trainings, and through participatory approaches that integrated scuba divers and stakeholder organizations in lionfish research and management. Our review of policies and practices in the Mediterranean Sea found that many of our recommended lionfish management approaches are not being done and indicate potential opportunities to implement these. We expect and fully recommend that work continues towards multinational cooperation to facilitate regional coordination of research, control, and management efforts with respect to the Mediterranean lionfish invasion. As with other major biological invasions, lionfish are unconstrained by political borders and their control will require rapid and strategic management approaches with broad cooperation among and between governments and stakeholders. Copyright © 2022 Ulman, Ali, Harris, Adel, Mabruk, Bariche, Candelmo, Chapman, Çiçek, Clements, Fogg, Frank, Gittings, Green, Hall-Spencer, Hart, Huber, Karp, Kyne, Kletou, Magno, Rothman, Solomon, Stern and Yildiz.
Forecasting water levels of rivers downstream major dams are essential for agricultural and industrial purposes as well as for efficient water management. Haditha Dam is one of the major projects on the Euphrates River in Iraq that is used for flood control and water management. The area downstream of the dam contains many strategic agricultural and industrial projects that are highly affected by the variation in the river water level. In this study, a neural network model (ANN) was created to forecast the levels of the Euphrates downstream of Haditha Dam. The model was trained in MATLAB with four inputs representing water levels at present and previous times. The data was utilized for training a daily model for 496 days and a monthly model for 241 months. The results indicated that ANN can estimate water level (t+1) with a high degree of accuracy. Furthermore, the results provide that the ANN is an effective technique to predict daily and monthly water levels and that the empirical equation can be used to compute daily and monthly levels with a regression coefficient greater than 92 percent for (training, validation, testing, and all data) for the daily model and greater than 84 percent for the monthly model. The ANN model could be simplified into a practical and straightforward formula from which the water level for the two models could be calculated. © 2022 WITPress. All rights reserved.
The article covers issues related to the selection of a management strategy for the operation of technical infrastructure. It contains the approaches, methodology and a general model of the system of operation of the Maintenance Services of the LOTOS Group production company, which is an example of a large oil concern. Nowadays, an increasing aspect is put on the efficiency of indi-vidual repair processes, as well as the operation of equipment. Doubts often arise as to which strategy is the right one and which one to choose. With numerous machines, there are problems related to work planning and optimal use of resources. In addition, there are frequently difficulties in iden-tifying the devices that interfere with the processes. The aim of this article is to present the maintenance strategy of the LOTOS production company and to introduce a procedure that allows for the assessment of the efficiency of machinery and equipment operation. It includes a method extending the identification of “Bad Actors” used so far, based on data from the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system, with a solution based on reports made after device repairs. MTBR (Mean Time Between Repair) coefficients were calculated for particular Complexes, Plants and Machines, which allowed for the identification of troublesome areas and the most difficult devices in production pro-cesses. This made it possible to select the equipment that should be repaired in the first place. After the implementation of the method and service activities, a decrease in the number of problematic machines was observed. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Households’ socio-economic outcomes are considered a significant component of sustainable development. In this regard, public and private organizations are constantly devising several microfinance and development strategies to tackle economic deprivation. There exists a conflict in the literature regarding the role of such a strategy in enhancing households’ socioeconomic outcomes. In addition, researchers are also struggling to identify crucial factors that could improve poor households’ socio-economic performance. However, the lack of established measuring instruments for various microfinance and households’ socio-economic factors is the major hurdle in conducting quality research. Hence, this study intends to develop and validate measurements for microfinance and households’ socio-economic model. By employing an Exploratory Factor Analysis (EFA) and Parallel Analysis as factor retention techniques, this research provides measuring constructs for microfinance financial services, business coaching, training programs, microfinance institutions’ efficiency, households’ entrepreneurial competencies, households’ financial management practices, and households’ socio-economic performance. Based on the results, it is proved that the developed instrument of the microfinance and households’ economic model is valid and reliable to be used in future related research. © 2022 WITPress. All rights reserved.
The depletion of natural resources and the increase in the complexity of environmental, economic, and development topics have led to ongoing international interest in modifying the current policies on climate change mitigation. Port administrators have started integrating environmental agendas into their daily management strategies, creating new port development challenges. The complexity of energy and environmental systems, in conjunction with the severe consequences of anthropogenic actions globally, renders it necessary to employ decision-making strategies developed with models that integrate various criteria and functionally contain all stakeholder considerations. These criteria include optimising the use of available resources, minimising environmental impacts, reducing overall costs, enhancing operational safety, and meeting energy needs. Through the implementation of multicriteria analysis, this study identifies and discusses the social acceptance variables of involved stakeholders for a Cretan port as an example for other ports and develops a theoretical model aiming to identify and prioritise appropriate technological and nontechnological solutions based on the priorities of the involved parties. The answers from 50 respondents, covering a wide variety of port operations, were examined and reviewed using multicriteria analysis. The results indicated that environmental pollution was the highest priority (average weight 9.1), followed by staff/infrastructure security (average weight 8.6) and energy consumption (average weight 8.3). Taking into consideration implementation costs and time, the use of smart grids (Phi = 0.221), as well as training employees (Phi = 0.22), received the highest score. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Intraday markets are crucial to balance supply and demand in the very short-term, up to delivery. They are often designed as continuous auctions with a pay-as-bid pricing mechanism. While several studies assess trading strategies to balance different types of portfolios, they normally do not consider the incentives of the imbalance prices for portfolio management. This paper analyzes a strategy of taking positions in the German intraday market based on expected imbalance prices and examines its impact on system stability. Using a logistic regression model, it is possible to accurately predict the direction of the overall system balance and to apply a profitable trading strategy. For a period from 01/07/2017 to 30/06/2019, the strategy outperforms a simple approach by EUR 47 000 per MW. However, this behavior would predominantly not have been system supportive due to biased imbalance price incentives. These are asymmetric price spreads and insufficiently low imbalance prices compared to intraday prices. An efficient intraday price constraint would partly solve the problem. The overall share of system supportive imbalance positions would raise by ten percentage points. In situations with high system wide imbalances, up to three-quarters of the positions would stabilize the system. These findings are important for regulation in Germany and other countries with a single imbalance pricing as they provide an indication for crucial points of the imbalance pricing rules to incite appropriate market behavior. © 2021, The Author(s).
Drawing from recent advances in the field of health sociology, our study highlights topics and framings of health technologies (HT) diffused online by more than 4,000 identified actors actively involved in HT discussions on Twitter. Adopting an exploratory approach, we distinguish between health institutions, specialists, and advocates, and we assess key topics and framings promoted online by these actors. First, we show that the geographical distribution of important actors correlates with the citizens’ reliance on social media to seek health information. Then, relying on ‘state-of-the-art’ methods in textual analysis, we identify prevalent online topics and show that the United States focuses more on risk management and private funding, whereas Europe focuses more on health literacy, practitioners, and start-ups. Furthermore, institutions focus more on indirect, global, and strategic problematics, whereas specialists are more concerned with direct and concrete problems. We also use creative visualisations displaying semantic relationships along important dimensions of HT, notably in terms of concerns related to technological priorities, professional skills, and privacy issues, as well as a possible shift in concerns related to privacy issues before and after the COVID pandemic. We conclude by discussing future research paths, particularly by giving insights into what are potential further survey interests. © 2022 The Authors
The launch of the private sponsorship scheme, Community Sponsorship (CS), allowing individuals to resettle refugees in the UK, seems to be in contrast with the government’s approach towards immigration aimed to implement the hostile environment policy. Using frame analysis, this research looks at the diagnostic, prognostic and motivational framings used by policymakers in parliamentary debates related to CS to understand how the scheme and the hostile environment coexist. The findings show how the used frames allow the government to manage refugee resettlement more as a tool of migration management rather than exclusively as a tool of international protection, and how this strategy implements the UK’s hostile environment. © The Author(s) 2021.
In the era of sustainable development, reducing carbon emissions and achieving carbon neutrality are gradually becoming a consensus for our society. This study explores firms’ incentive mechanisms for carbon emission abatement in a two-echelon supply chain under cap-and-trade regulation, where consumers exhibit low-carbon awareness. To boost the manufacturer’s motivation for abatement, the retailer can provide four incentive strategies, i.e., price-only (PO), cost-sharing (CS), revenue-sharing (RS), and both (cost and revenue) sharing (BS). The equilibrium decisions under the four incentive strategies are obtained by establishing and solving game models. A two-part tariff contract is also proposed to coordinate the low-carbon supply chain. Finally, through comparisons and analyses, we find that: (1) Consumers’ high low-carbon awareness can boost the manufacturer’s incentive for carbon emission abatement (CEA), thus increasing supply chain members’ profits. (2) It is more effective for the retailer to share its revenue to incentivize the manufacturer for abatement than to bear the investment cost of CEA. Thus, Strategy RS is better than Strategy CS and equivalent to Strategy BS. (3) The manufacturer and retailer have consistent incentive strategy preference under cap-and-trade regulation. Both firms prefer the incentive strategy with a higher cooperation level. (4) The incentive strategy with a higher cooperation level can also bring higher eco-social welfare under certain conditions. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The research studies how innovation capability can be nurtured within community of artisans through design tool development. Innovation capability has generated widespread interest both academically and practically. However previous works have mostly been performed at profit organizations with few discussed at community level, especially in artisans’ community who are struggling to create innovative product and have lost their competitiveness in the market. The research focusing on a unique case, Rancabuaya Village, Tangerang, Indonesia. The research used qualitative exploratory study design with single case study. Data collection methods used in the study were in-depth interviews, literature study and documentation. Innovation capability is key for long term sustainability and need to be nurtured in community sectors. To accelerate the innovation capability building process in informal setting, the study proposes a design tool to facilitate idea generation for new product development in community of artisans. The design tool is developed with design thinking process: empathize, define, ideation, prototyping and testing. The design tools as the study result are the bamboo and rattan idea book, a book consisting of a mood board and a compilation of different weaving patterns from each component of a weaving object. The book aims to foster the idea management and creativity within a community of artisans, two determinants that are found to be essential for building innovation capability. This research contributes on two main ways: first, it provides an understanding that nurturing innovation capability in community artisans setting necessitates strategic management initiatives such as: a product development strategy, an idea sharing system, and a collaborative culture, this has not been profoundly explored by the present literature; and second, it employs design thinking as an analytical framework that provides a human-centered approach to the process of building innovation capability and ensures that the tool developed is rooted in the needs of the artisan community. © 2022 WITPress. All rights reserved.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to offer a comprehensive perspective on different facets of knowledge management and their effects on the performance of knowledge-intensive entrepreneurial ventures. Design/methodology/approach: The empirical setting involves small and medium-sized enterprises located in the State of São Paulo, Brazil. Primary data for 223 knowledge-intensive entrepreneurship (KIE) firms was obtained through questionnaires applied to ventures which applied to the innovative research in small business program, a small business innovation research-like initiative run by the São Paulo Research Foundation. Econometric results assessed the drivers of competitiveness in terms of firm growth, research and development intensification and technology transfer. Findings: Results highlight the complexity involved in establishing effective knowledge management processes in terms of driving KIE performance. Notwithstanding, some interesting insights on the moderation effects of strategic knowledge management (SKM) systems over technical skills could be identified with particular emphasis for the case of academic spin-offs. Ecosystem drivers present a good explanation power for technology transfer practices but fall short in providing answers for firm-level growth dynamics. It is also noteworthy that public and private investments in KIE firms are similarly associated with positive impacts – contrary to the view that private investors perform better than governmental sources in picking promising small ventures. Originality/value: The assessment has provided novel evidence for a sample of KIE ventures concerning the appraisal of performance drivers associated with three dimensions of knowledge management, namely, technical knowledge, SKM and ecosystem features. Firms’ outcomes were addressed from a multidimensional perspective, thus providing a comprehensive perspective of the events under scrutiny. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This study aims to investigate how relational resources, such as the buyer’s trust in its suppliers and the level of supplier involvement, affect the level of tacit knowledge integration capabilities (TKICs) of the firm, which, in turn, is hypothesized to affect business performance. Design/methodology/approach: Based on the dynamic capabilities theory and the relational view, this paper examines how TKIC, a special case of dynamic capability, influences business performance. The research context is the Brazilian automobile industry, in which firms are currently experimenting with modular production and increasing their interactions with suppliers. Using a sample of automobile suppliers, this investigates how relational resources, such as the buyer’s trust in its suppliers and the level of supplier involvement, affect the level of TKIC, which, in turn, is hypothesized to affect business performance. In addition, this paper examines the moderating effect of various communication media on the TKIC-business performance relationship. The findings confirm the importance of relational resources and TKIC on business performance. Finally, this paper explores various theoretical and managerial implications to encourage future research. Findings: The results suggested that the two relational resources (supplier involvement and buyer’s trust) are important drivers of TKICs and that the level of supplier involvement in the production process mediates the relationship between buyer’s trust and TKIC. Moreover, this study found that TKIC leads to superior firm performance, but the degree of media naturalness does not seem to facilitate knowledge transfer. The results confirm that supplier involvement is a pivotal process in that the buying firm’s internal resources and the major suppliers’ resources and capabilities are combined to achieve a competitive advantage – TKIC. Research limitations/implications: This study is subject to the typical limitations inherent in cross-sectional research designs using subjective measures. That said, this still has some important implications indicating that relational resources, such as buyer’s trust and supplier involvement, are critical in developing TKIC that “seize” opportunities from interfirm relationships and integrate knowledge across and within firm boundaries. Moreover, while knowledge management tools can resemble face-to-face interactions to the largest extent, the research suggested that it cannot substitute face-to-face communications in transferring tacit knowledge. Practical implications: Managers deal with complex interactions and linkages due to tacit knowledge from components, systems and modules, which are critical in developing organizational capabilities. Relational resources are important strategic assets facilitating resource combination and coordination. Managers must coordinate among multiple sources of learning and partner with their suppliers at an earlier stage to develop the relational capabilities and efficiently steer the process of boundary redefinition. Finally, managers must have the ability to manage tacit knowledge within the interface with suppliers using organizational mechanisms (i.e. TKIC) to help them absorb external knowledge from their supplier network and integrate it with specific internal competences. Social implications: Recent disruptive technological developments pressure organizations to become more flexible by requiring firms to adapt quickly to constantly changing markets and to have the ability to apply different resources and capabilities to specific unique situations. All this with a huge impact on the firm’s employees and society in general. Thus, interfirm relationships and the role of knowledge integration is especially crucial, given the current industry trend in favor of experimenting with innovative production methods (e.g. flexible manufacturing and modular production) that can help managers to rethink work conditions in a more meaningful and flexible for society. Originality/value: While prior research treats integrative capability mainly as a mechanism that explains superior firms’ performance in an interfirm relationship, few research efforts have explicated what shapes TKICs. By examining the relationship between relational resources, TKIC and performance, this study fills this research gap and develops and tests a theoretical framework. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This study aims to explore the impact of blockchain announcements on enterprises' stock market value. Design/methodology/approach: Based on resource-based theory, this study constructs a complete framework of the impact mechanism of blockchain announcements on the stock price of the announcing firm using the data of 143 blockchain announcements. An event study methodology is used in this research, and the market model, market-adjusted model and Carhart four-factor model are used to estimate stock abnormal returns after the blockchain announcement; and the cross-sectional regression model is used to test the influencing factors. Findings: Blockchain announcements elicit a significantly positive market reaction on the release day. Compared to announcements not pertaining to technical innovation, blockchain technical innovation announcements exhibit a more positive market reaction towards the announcing companies. Strategic-level announcements exhibit a more positive market reaction than operational-level announcements. Enterprise characteristics, such as enterprise-scale and enterprise innovation ability, do not affect stock market reactions to blockchain announcements. Practical implications: The findings reveal the economic value of conducting blockchain activities in the Chinese stock market. Findings of this study can help managers understand the value of implementing blockchain activities in a different market environment and guide them on how to improve the market value of their enterprises through the active implementation of blockchain activities. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first event study to focus solely on the value of pure blockchain announcements in an emerging market. This study considers multiple resource and capability factors that would influence blockchain technology adoption, improve the current understanding of how blockchain announcements affect corporate stock prices and provide directions for future comparative studies of market reactions to blockchain announcements in different stock markets. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
A closed-loop supply chain operation is an effective way to improve the dual benefits of economy and environment. Inspired by the practice of closed-loop supply chain coordination, this paper attempts to investigate the supply chain operation strategies of different recycling modes and patent licensing strategies and consider the impact of government subsidies. We construct a multi-player game model of an original manufacturer, a remanufacturer, and a retailer under a waste product recycling mode, patent licensing strategy, and government subsidy system. We provide the operation strategies under different strategy combinations in the closed-loop supply chain, and then analyze their differences and the interests of various subjects. We further analyze the impact of government subsidies on the operation strategies of the supply chain. The results illustrate that when the original manufacturer adopts the fixed fee patent licensing strategy, the recycling price of waste products is higher. When the original manufacturer adopts the unit fee patent licensing strategy and the retailer and the remanufacturer participate in the recycling of waste products simultaneously, the original manufacturer will increase the unit patent licensing fee. When the remanufacturer recycles waste products alone, consumers can obtain greater unit income in the waste product recycling market. Different government subsidies have different effects on the wholesale price and the retail price of new products and remanufactured products. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The regeneration and reuse of abandoned healthcare facilities represent one of the most complex issues in the broader field of disused public architectural heritage and its valorization. The leading causes of an elevated quantity of abandoned hospitals are the lack of resilience of these structures, as well as the evolution of the regulatory framework used to increase the quality standards of the National Health System and the constant changes caused by medical discoveries. In addition, the transfer to a new building typically does not involve consideration of the future of the dismissed facility with a lack of a strategic view for its regeneration, thus causing its progressive degradation. Although their large dimensions and unbuilt areas make recovery plans complex, the re-functionalization of these facilities represents an excellent opportunity for social and economic development, as several case studies demonstrate. This paper selects some useful examples of the reconversion and reuse of disused social and healthcare buildings through an accurate comparison that highlights the importance of the topic and the possible actions to be taken into consideration. Although this research focuses on a limited number of case studies, the paper gives rise to some strategies that can be applied to several current cases of disused buildings that could be used to support Decision Makers (DMs) from different countries. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The relevance of this article is due, on the one hand, to the importance of the oil and gas industry in the development of Iraq and, on the other hand, the inability to enhance the existing capacities of the gas industry due to both serious systemic internal causes and external problems. The objective of this article is to study the prospects of the gas industry in conjunction with the oil industry, and develop a strategy for their development based on the forecasting of future scenarios. In the article, the research methods used included a systematic analysis of economic, social and cultural conditions, considering the history of Iraq, including a review of statistical data and a variety of sources. The article proposes a method for choosing the industry development strategy on the basis of an analytical hierarchy process, based on an algorithm of iterative processes using an analysis of hierarchies. To clarify the actors’ policies and strategic goals and to find the optimal solution, repeated iterations of the choice of strategy have been proposed. The strategies were divided into alternative strategies for future scenarios, which were evaluated in actions as able to achieve the goals by determining the consistency ratio and the consistency index. As a result of the study, we can highlight the analysis of the centralized system of oil and gas resources’ management that has developed in Iraq, which has a complicated “top-down” delegation of decisions and responsibility, with decisions made at the political level and resources distributed from above, which precludes individual industries from performing their functions, and also limits the effective implementation of strategic development priorities. The development factors for the gas industry in Iraq were identified and systematized with a rationale for the direction of the industry’s strategic development. Groups of factors were identified: market-affecting determinants of the development of the gas industry, as well as other considerations that may, to a lesser extent, affect the development of Iraq’s gas industry and the oil and gas complex as a whole. The results, assessing the significance of the actors’ goals, can be taken as a basis for development strategies for the oil and gas industry, to improve the contract system of the gas industry in conjunction with the oil industry. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A two-level trade-credit mode, in which both supplier and retailer provide trade credit to their buyers, is prevalent in several types of markets. This paper investigates the optimal trade credits provided by the supplier and retailer, and the optimal order quantity, assuming credit-dependent demand in a newsvendor model. The strategic interaction between the supplier and retailer is modeled as a Stackelberg game with the supplier as the leader. We provide conditions under which the optimal decisions on trade credits and order quantity can be uniquely determined, which enable us to examine the relationship between the optimal trade credits and describe conditions providing them. We also compare the credit contract and price contract in profit, consumer surplus, social welfare, double marginalization, and supply chain coordination, and our analysis shows that the trade-credit contract amounts to an alternative for the price contract. Finally, we use several numerical examples to illustrate the theoretical results and provide managerial insights. © 2021 The Authors. International Transactions in Operational Research © 2021 International Federation of Operational Research Societies
The world’s water resources are under pressure due to human activities. The challenges surrounding water resources management include enhancing long-term water security and minimizing undesirable economic, social, and environmental impacts, along with the production chain. Since water and wastewater treatment plants are designed to maintain and conserve freshwater provisioning services, understanding how they operate—prior to proposing options for sustainability—is of paramount importance. The diagnostic phase calls for scientifically-based, systemic, and more objective methods to provide information for decision-makers regarding strategic management of water resources. This work applied the FIVE SEctor SUstainability (5SEnSU) model to assess twenty major water and wastewater treatment companies (WWTC) in Brazil, to quantify sustainability levels that allowed ranking procedures, and to establish benchmarks for improvements. On a comparative basis, the results identified the top-three sustainable companies—CORSAN, CASAN, and SANEPAR—which should be considered as examples of best practices. Specifically, the following best-ranked companies in each sector within 5SEnSU should be used as benchmark patterns for more oriented best practices: SANEAGO, sector 1; AGESPISA, sector 2; CORSAN, sector 3; CASAL, sector 4; MA, sector 5. This work contributes toward the advancement of sustainability assessment modeling in human-managed systems (applied in WWTCs in this present study) from systemic-and epistemologically-rooted approaches, avoiding shortcomings and misleading discussions on the sustainability issue. Quantifying sustainability of WWTCs using the 5SEnSU model allows for the identification of those sectors/indicators that require immediate cleaner production practices by decision-makers, to improve overall sustainability, as well as to identify which companies are more aligned with the requirements of UN SDGs. The decision-makers would be able to visualize balanced or unbalanced relationships among all sectors and propose actions that would improve the performance in a given sector, realizing what effects a given action would cause in the other sectors of the system. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The COVID-19 pandemic has presented many challenges to destinations. Even those with thoughtful and comprehensive crisis management plans likely have struggled to navigate this difficult period. This research, based upon an application of Plog’s Model of Allocentricity and Psychocentricity and utilizing data collected during the early stages of the pandemic, provides insight regarding consumer attitudes toward vacation and VFR travel from early in the pandemic when no end to the crisis was in sight. The research provides strategic guidance to tourism marketers as they look for solutions during future challenging times. © The Author(s) 2021.
Food waste (FW) can be converted to bioethanol via anaerobic digestion (AD) and catalytic biorefinery processes, and bioethanol can be used as a vehicle fuel. In the present study, a hybrid model framework combining three different models (i.e., process simulation, life cycle assessment (LCA), and supply-chain network (SCN) optimization) is proposed to assess the environmental impacts on FW-based vehicle operation. First, a conceptual design of a large-scale process is simulated for AD and biorefinery processes. The overall energy efficiency of the integrated AD and biorefinery process is estimated to be 16.2%. A "well-to-wheel" LCA of FW-based bioethanol production and vehicle operation in South Korea in 2030, which is a new FW scenario, is performed and compared with the LCA of conventional FW treatment and gasoline-fuel vehicle operation. The LCA results show that the global warming (GW) impacts of the new FW scenario are carbon-negative (-5.58 kg CO2equiv. per 1 gal of bioethanol) and 14.1% lower than the GW impacts of the conventional scenario. An integrated SCN optimization model for "well-to-pump" FW-derived bioethanol production and "pump-to-wheel" vehicle operation is then proposed to minimize the total GW impact by simultaneously optimizing both strategic FW management and vehicle operation planning decisions. Three real policy-driven scenario studies (according to the utilization rate of FW valorization to vehicle fuel) were analyzed by the developed hybrid model, and the results show that the GW impacts of each scenario are -0.69, -0.99, and -1.29 kg CO2equiv. per 1 gal of bioethanol, leading to carbon-negative impacts by 2030. © 2022 American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.
Purpose: The purpose of this research paper is to provide with a strategic approach to reduce organizational turnover by identifying undergraduates' work values. In order to do so, the research undertook two different studies. The first one focused on identifying undergraduates' work values, while the second one explored the alignment between undergraduates' work values and current human resources retention strategies. Design/methodology/approach: The research paper follows a mixed-method approach combining the Work Values Scale (EVAT) applied to 293 hospitality undergraduates of the bachelor's degree in Tourism and Hospitality Management and 30 semi-structured interviews along with 32 semi-structured interviews carried out to human resources professionals. Data was analysed using the EVAT methodology that classifies work values in (openness to change, conservation, self-enhancement and self-transcendence). Relationships between the four dimensions were tested using Pearson correlations and the student profile was analysed comparing the impact of the professional experience and gender in the dimensions. Findings: The results conclude that undergraduates' work values placed themselves under the categories of self-transcendence and openness to change. There is a significance level in the correlation between self-transcendence and openness to change and work values are influenced by previous professional experience and gender. Human resources professionals tend to overlook work values focusing their retention strategies in providing with training, feedback and promotions but not including practices to promote work–life balance and flexibility. Practical implications: Practical recommendations are provided for educators with examples of initiatives developed that can be applied in any educational institution. Originality/value: The research highlights the importance of work motivation based on values as a tool to generate retention strategies. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In the context of the digital economy, establishing close strategic partnerships to cope with market uncertainties is an important strategic choice for firms seeking to achieve sustainable development in developing countries, particularly in Eastern culture. However, research on how strategic partnerships affect enterprise performance remains controversial. To address this issue, based on the supply chain management practices of Chinese enterprises in the era of the digital economy, and according to resource dependence theory, social network theory, and transaction cost theory, a chain multiple intermediary model was constructed and 243 Chinese enterprises information was collected for an empirical test. The results show that strategic partnership has a significant direct positive impact on information sharing, supply chain flexibility, and enterprise performance. Information sharing has a significant direct positive impact on enterprise performance and plays a partial mediating role between strategic partnership and enterprise performance. Supply chain flexibility was also found to positively impact enterprise performance and plays a partial mediating role between strategic partnership and enterprise performance. The findings also showed that information sharing and supply chain flexibility play a chain mediating role between strategic partnership and enterprise performance. This study explores the effects of strategic partnership on enterprise performance, which provides an important supplement to theoretical studies of supply chain management. The results help provide targeted solutions on how to effectively implement supply chain management for enterprises in emerging and developing nations. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland. This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).
Faced with the great challenge of food demand and environmental pollution, optimizing agricultural practices can potentially balance food security and environmental protection. In this study, the DeNitrification-DeComposition (DNDC) model was applied to explore the effect of wheat-based management strategies on crop productivity and greenhouse gas emissions in the wheat−maize system. The DNDC model was tested against crop yield, daily nitrous oxide (N2O) fluxes, and cumulative N2O emissions determined from field measurements in a typical winter wheat−summer maize cropping system. Model evaluations demonstrated a good agreement between the observations and simulated crop yield (4.4%≤NRMSE≤8.0%), daily N2O fluxes (0.68 ≤ d ≤ 0.88), and cumulative N2O emissions (4.9%≤NRMSE≤11.9%). By adopting sensitivity analysis, the DNDC model then assessed the impacts on crop yield and cumulative N2O emissions of multiple management practices from the winter wheat season. Delaying the sowing date from October 7 to November 4 reduced annual yield by 1.9%, while cumulative N2O emissions were increased by 10.4%. Furthermore, postponing the supplementary irrigation date from April 1 to May 20 decreased annual yield by 2.4% without affecting cumulative N2O emissions. An N fertilizer rate of 120–150 kg N ha−1 was able to reduce N usage and cumulative N2O emissions without sacrificing annual yield. Despite an improvement in the annual yield at the 0–30 cm tillage depth by 2.9%, cumulative N2O emissions increased by 11.6%. The results suggest that sowing in early October, applying supplementary irrigation in early April, an N fertilizer rate of 120–150 kg N ha−1, and no-tillage from the winter wheat season can improve crop yield and mitigate N2O emissions. This is conducive to the synergism of agricultural production and environmental sustainability. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Active forest management is applied in many parts of the western United States to reduce wildfire severity, mitigate vulnerability to drought and bark beetle mortality, and more recently, to increase snow retention and late-season streamflow. A rapidly warming climate accelerates the need for these restorative treatments, but the treatment priority among forest patches varies considerably. We simulated four treatment scenarios across the 3,450 km2 Wenatchee River basin in eastern Washington, United States. We used a decision support tool (DST) to assess trade-offs and synergies within and among treatments on wildfire risk and smoke emissions, water yield and snow retention, biomass production, and economic return. Treatment scenarios emphasized prescribed burning (BurnOnly), biomass production (MaxBiomass), gap-based thinning to optimize water yield (IdealWater), and a principle-based restoration scenario (RA1). Fire hazard, smoke emissions, and biomass production metrics were evaluated across scenarios using the Forest Vegetation Simulator, and water yields were modeled using the Distributed Hydrology Soil Vegetation Model. Simulations were summarized to both patch- (101–102 ha) and subwatershed- (103–104 ha) scales, and treatment effects were evaluated against an untreated baseline landscape. We used logic models to rank effect sizes by scenario across metrics along a continuum between −1 (no or weak effect) to +1 (large effect). All treatments produced benefits across one or more ecosystem services and led to synergistic benefits to water yield and wildfire hazard reduction. Tradeoffs among resource benefits were clear in wilderness where reliance on prescribed burning without mechanical treatment increased costs and eliminated the potential for biomass recovery. The BurnOnly scenario improved fire risk metrics and streamflow, but effect sizes were lower compared to other treatments. IdealWater showed the strongest benefits overall, demonstrating the ability to capture multiple resource benefits through spatially explicit thinning. Our study provides a framework for integrating strategic and tactical models that evaluate tradeoffs and synergies gained through varied management approaches. We demonstrate the utility of decision support modeling to enhance management synergies across large landscapes. Copyright © 2022 Povak, Furniss, Hessburg, Salter, Wigmosta, Duan and LeFevre.
Purpose: The study aims to analyse annual reports of the non-financial European firms listed at the EURO STOXX 50 index over the period of 2007 and 2011. Design/methodology/approach: This study intends to address two main issues: to what extent the country-level institutional forces compel (directly) firm's risk reporting (RR) behaviour and in which way these country-level institutional forces moderate the relationship between RR and firm-level characteristics. Findings: Main findings indicate that, during this period, the European listed companies disclosed more risk information on a voluntary basis (such as operational and strategic risks) and with better informative content (more forward-looking and focused on positive news). Consistent with institutional theory, findings confirm that the country-level institutional forces explain variations on RR. Additionally, it also indicates that the relationship between RR and leveraged firms is weaker among countries with stronger institutional forces. These findings have several implications for investors and regulators in Europe basically in helping achieve efficiency in investment decisions and to stimulate further efforts to improve RR regulations. Originality/value: This study makes two major contributions. First, it extends Elshandidy's et al. (2015) work by using other country-level institutional forces that capture the efficacy of corporate boards, the protection of minority shareholders' interests, country's level of democracy, law enforcement mechanisms and press freedom. Second, it uses firms that are considered as a blue-chip representation of super-sector leaders in the Eurozone (but from different institutional contexts). This research setting can be more insightful in shedding some light towards our understanding on how these leading firms can promote innovative and high quality level of RR and how country-level driving forces influence these variables. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Research suggests that small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in India are hesitant to adopt the leading management practices. This exacerbates their competitive disadvantage against larger firms in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving marketplace. Indian SMEs’ reluctance to embrace advanced management practices may be explained by their satisficing business behaviors. In other words, Indian SMEs are highly likely to continue with business as usual - a customary of deficient modus of operandi, and refuse to search for optimal solutions and practices. We argue that overcoming satisficing biases may require Indian SMEs to strive for strategic flexibility that allow for prompt adjustments in value creation activities. A higher strategic flexibility allows SMEs in the manufacturing sector to rapidly adjust product range, variety, innovativeness, and speed of development to capitalize on new opportunities and minimize the negative impact of changing market conditions. This may allow SMEs to overcome competitive disadvantages and compete effectively against larger firms in the market. We argue that SMEs seeking to obtain strategic flexibility must focus on information quality and supply chain integration. We assess the proposed model using a sample of 100 top SME managers operating in India. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
Guided by resource-based view, this study investigates performance stabilization of new hotels in emerging markets. Profitability measures (e.g., gross operating profit percentage [GOP%]) and standard operating metrics (i.e., average daily rate [ADR], occupancy, and revenue per available room [RevPAR]) for 105 hotels in China, Indonesia, and Thailand were collected from 2002 to 2015. Growth analysis of the data showed that, contrary to industry assumptions within mature markets, most hotels did not stabilize when standard operating metrics were used; even when they did, they took significantly longer than 3 years. Instead, GOP% was identified as the best measure to exhibit stable performance; hence, this measure was econometrically regressed against each hotel’s comparative advantages. Results showed that real estate type and hotel positioning significantly affected performance stabilization, whereas location and scale did not. This study contributes to the current dearth of literature on strategic management and hotel performance, providing previously unavailable empirical evidence relating to bottom-line profitability. © The Author(s) 2021.
Altitudinal difference increases the complexity of the response of tree growth to climate change in the mountainous areas, and may change the carbon sequestration capacity of forests under the ongoing warming climate. In this work, four tree-ring width chronologies from Pinus henryi Mast. growing at different altitudes of Shiyan, the northern subtropical China were developed. Results of Pearson correlation analysis, factor analysis and redundancy analysis indicate that tree growth-climate response models can be divided into two types according to the altitudinal gradient: the high-altitude model, represented by SWDH and WDSH above 1330 m a.s.l., and the low-altitude model, represented by WDSL and DDZL less than 1070 m a.s.l. The biggest difference between the two models is that tree growth at the low altitudes shows significantly negative response to temperature in the previous September–December and current April–May, and positive response to moisture conditions from the previous September to current May, April–May in particular; while the high-altitude ones show consistently positive responses to temperature in current February–April, but no significant response to seasonal moisture condition. The existence of a temperature-related altitudinal threshold between 1070 m a.s.l. to 1330 m a.s.l. may change the hydro-thermal combination models above and below the threshold, thus lead to the change of climatic response models along altitude gradient. 30-yr moving correlation analysis reveals that the relationships between tree growth and the limiting climatic factors present evident altitudinal difference: gradually strengthened at the high altitudes but weakened at the low altitudes. It is distinct that water availability and demand are critical for the growth of low-altitude trees, and high-altitude trees show a stronger positive response to climate warming, therefore could be an important carbon sink in the future. In addition, future forest management should focus on the low altitudes and formulate effective protection strategies. © 2022 Elsevier GmbH
In analyzing the theoretical literature on managerial growth in the context of organizational change, an absence of research has been observed, especially that which comprehensively analyzes growth prospects and opportunities at the micro (individual), meso (group), and macro (organizational) levels, which considers organizational, social, emotional, and spiritual aspects. Therefore, one of the outstanding problems of this research was to select the relevant scientific literature to synthesize the theory and create a conceptual theoretical model based on it. The aim of this paper is to explore the context and preconditions for managerial growth during an organizational change at different levels and aspects of organizations. Therefore, six theoretical approaches from the fields of management, psychology, and education were chosen (Hiatt, Kotter, Kübler-Ross, Goleman, Mezirow, and Marcia). Conclusions provide insights into the context, aims, and directions of managerial growth within organizational change. First, the context of organizational change is understood as an educational environment that creates incentives for managerial growth at the macro, meso, and micro levels and encompasses the development of personal and professional skills and the conscious evolution of inner perceptions related to work. Second, managerial growth in the context of organizational change is targeted toward three objectives at the organizational, group, and individual levels: productivity, connection, and self-realization. Third, managerial growth in the context of organizational change is directed toward three dimensions: (1) the strategic-operational dimension overlaps with the development of leadership skills to ensure successful change implementation in the organization; (2) the social-emotional dimension overlaps with the development of psychosocial skills, enabling coping with challenges through relationships and an emotionally supportive workplace environment; and (3) the perceptual-spiritual dimension overlaps with the development of personal maturity and professional motivation, disclosing authentic performance during organizational change. These findings become a framework for further research but also provide practical guidelines for managers, HR specialists, and organizational leaders. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Heterogeneity is widely observed in various aspects of urban transport, such as road types, vehicle dynamics, and demand patterns, which greatly complexifies transport systems and hinders the successful control and management of traffic. On one hand, intelligent strategies are required to relieve the loss of efficiency caused by the mixed traffic flow composed of vehicles with different speeds; on the other hand, the spatial heterogeneity of travel demand distribution requires pertinent control schemes to improve the network-level mobility and the phenomenon of oversaturation under heavy traffic also demands an appropriate way to resolve. Leveraging the advantages of connected and automated vehicle (CAV) technology, this study proposes a multi-rhythm control (MRC) scheme to accommodate heterogeneous network traffic in a CAV environment with 100% penetration rate. While the rhythmic control (RC) proposed by (Lin et al., 2021) could organize traffic efficiently and in an orderly manner, the multi-rhythm strategy has greater potential to not only improve the efficiency of heterogeneous traffic by the design of different virtual platoons (VPs) catering to different vehicle types, but also address the spatial heterogeneity of network traffic by implementing differentiated cycle lengths among the road network. For the optimal design of the MRC scheme, a two-step model is developed to minimize the total travel cost, where the first step focuses on the mesoscopic level to jointly optimize the multi-rhythm scheme, VP design and lane configuration for both undersaturated and oversaturated cases, while the second step focuses on the microscopic design to optimize the space–time trajectories of VPs under the premise of collision free. Numerical examples and simulation experiments are conducted to test the performances of the MRC scheme compared to a naive version of RC with a homogeneous rhythm and a traffic signal control (TSC) strategy. The results show that among all control strategies, the MRC scheme has the best performance under all kinds of demand patterns, which is reflected in both the lowest travel cost and the highest network throughput. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Strategies for sustaining a program beyond initial implementation remain one of the most poorly understood aspects of high-quality program implementation. This paper describes the Quality Improvement and Fidelity Assessment Process (QIFAP), a program purveyor-agency partnership that uses a unique, multi-step method for supporting sustained implementation of the Therapeutic Crisis Intervention (TCI) system to manage crises in child serving organizations. It outlines the steps of the process and highlights how specific activities are linked to current knowledge and principles from implementation science. The QIFAP occurs over a period of about three months, during which time program developers and agency representatives conduct staff surveys, a two-day site visit, and fidelity assessments in order to gather information, discuss findings, and plan steps for improving the TCI system in the organization. The process is guided by principles that emphasize the importance of organization leadership, building relationships, co-learning, using an individualized approach, data informed decision making, acknowledging risk, and congruence. We describe ways in which the strategies and approaches within the QIFAP are rooted in implementation science literature. Thus, the model represents an illustration of how research-based knowledge can work in practice to support long-term, high-quality program implementation. © 2022 The Authors
Riau Province is known as an area rich in forest resources. Most of the forest area is used for industrial plantation forest management. The existence of this industrial plantation forest also supports the forest product processing industry and other industries. This study aims to develop a strategy for the sustainability of industrial plantation forest management based on 4 dimensions of sustainability. To develop a sustainable strategy for industrial plantation forest management, Multidimensional Scaling (MDS) analysis is used with the help of RapHTI (modified Rapfish) software and prospective analysis. The results showed that the sustainable management of industrial plantation forests is an effort to accelerate national development from the ecological, economic, social, and institutional aspects. Strategies for empowering rural communities, strengthening village institutions, strengthening inter-institutional cooperation, and optimizing economic benefits are strategic steps in realizing sustainable management of industrial forest plantations. The proposed strategy for sustainable industrial plantation forest management is in line with the sustainable development goals (SDGs) in Riau Province, Indonesia. © 2022 WITPress. All rights reserved.
Purpose: Research shows how with the evolution of technologies, technological opportunism enables firms to effectively identify and exploit innovations and opportunities through strategic management practices, such as adopting an entrepreneurial orientation. The study’s purpose is to explain the nature of the relationship between technological opportunism and innovation performance, while accounting for any possible moderating effects of entrepreneurial orientation. Design/methodology/approach: A cross-sectional design was used to collect primary data from targeted respondents (n = 347) in the South African banking sector. Initially, instrument validity and reliability is established and the hypotheses are tested using multiple regression analyses. Findings: The findings support the hypotheses insofar higher levels of technological opportunism are positively associated with higher levels of innovation performance, which is moderated by entrepreneurial orientation in terms of innovativeness, risk-taking and proactiveness. Moreover, competitive hostility, as a control played a significant role in the moderation effect between technological opportunism and innovation performance. Practical implications: Leaders need to appreciate the importance of an entrepreneurial organization in leveraging technological opportunities which is pivotal for emerging economies, rather than individual entrepreneurial activities, which are rarely scalable in African economies. Originality/value: The study provides an original contribution by increasing the theoretical and empirical reach of research on entrepreneurial orientation and technological opportunism. Since the original scales have primarily been employed in developed economies, by verifying their psychometric properties, this now allows for further replication studies to take place in other similar emerging market contexts. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Globally, abundant agricultural wastes (AWs) are being generated each day to fulfil the increasing demands of the fast-growing population. The limited and/or improper management of the same has created an urgent need to devise strategies for their timely utilization and valorisation, for agricultural sustainability and human-food and health security. The AWs are generated from different sources including crop residue, agro-industries, livestock, and aquaculture. The main component of the crop residue and agro-industrial waste is cellulose, (the most abundant biopolymer), followed by lignin and hemicellulose (lignocellulosic biomass). The AWs and their processing are a global issue since its vast majority is currently burned or buried in soil, causing pollution of air, water and global warming. Traditionally, some crop residues have been used in combustion, animal fodder, roof thatching, composting, soil mulching, matchsticks and paper production. But, lignocellulosic biomass can also serve as a sustainable source of biofuel (biodiesel, bioethanol, biogas, biohydrogen) and bioenergy in order to mitigate the fossil fuel shortage and climate change issues. Thus, valorisation of lignocellulosic residues has the potential to influence the bioeconomy by producing value-added products including biofertilizers, bio-bricks, bio-coal, bio-plastics, paper, biofuels, industrial enzymes, organic acids etc. This review encompasses circular bioeconomy based various AW management strategies, which involve ‘reduction’, ‘reusing’ and ‘recycling’ of AWs to boost sustainable agriculture and minimise environmental pollution. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.
In an attempt to deal with challenges such as increased competition, the global economic crisis, and the pandemic crisis, cultural organizations increasingly tend to adopt business theories and tools. The present paper addresses this issue in an industry that is not very frequently discussed, that of orchestra, using Orchestra Mobile as the case study. Based on literature review and interviews, and with reference to some of the latest, innovative approaches to management and strategy supported by digital technologies, the paper examines how this new entry in the industry (in 2010): (i) not attached to a concert hall (and, therefore, dependent on others) and with no state funding, survived against established organizations of global recognition, who were attached to prestigious concert halls, and enjoyed strong funding on the part of the state; (ii) with no external support, succeeded within the peak of the global economic crisis; (iii) decided long before the pandemic crisis to operate mostly at a distance, based on geographically dispersed members and collaborators; and, more importantly, (iv) challenged the rules of an industry that were formed in the 18th and 19th centuries and have not been (substantially) challenged ever since. The conclusions on the complex relationship of “sustainability-innovation-digital technologies” could be of benefit to a wide range of cultural organizations and entrepreneurs. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: This study aims to explore if the application of the customer results criteria contained within the King Abdullah II Award for Excellence (KAIIAE) is correlated with high levels of patient satisfaction within a large hospital based in Jordan. Design/methodology/approach: Using a mixed methodology, supported by a pragmatist theoretical approach, a satisfaction survey was conducted with patients accessing the hospital as an in-patient across a range of specialities gathering feedback about different aspects of their care. The results were compared with a self-assessment completed by different speciality teams about the existence and maturity of customer result arrangements implemented as a result of the (KAIIAE). Findings: The findings confirmed that quality awards such as the KAIIAE can effectively be applied in a health-care setting and can help provide a framework for improving patient experience and satisfaction. A correlation was found with those specialties that self-assessed themselves more highly in terms of these arrangements and the overall levels of patient satisfaction with that specialty, suggesting that the products of working towards the KAIIAE such as establishing effective patient experience monitoring arrangements and improved learning from complaints, has a positive impact on patient satisfaction. Originality/value: There are limited studies which focus specifically on customer results and on the use of the KAIIAE more generally. This study therefore makes a valuable contribution in adding to the debate about the strategic value of working towards formal quality improvement models and awards in health-care settings. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Australia, in particular the southern Murray-Darling Basin, has the most advanced water market in the world. However, there is still much to be understood as to how and why irrigators use the water market, and in what combination with other farm management strategies. This study used principal component analysis to identify five clusters of southern Murray-Darling Basin irrigators from a set of twenty possible farm and water strategies during 2015–16 (n = 977). Multinomial logit regression was then used to identify influences associated with each cluster. The five clusters of irrigators include those: expanding the farm (includes buying temporary water); expanding and diversifying (includes buying permanent water); downsizing (selling both temporary and permanent water); transitioning (switching away from irrigation to dryland); and saving (using carryover – water saved in storages for the following year). Around a third of irrigators can be classified as trying to expand the farm (the Expanders and the Expanders & Diversifiers); another third, of typically older irrigators, have lower levels of debt and excess water (the Savers); while a final third, who also tend to be older but also face financial and/or psychological stress, are placing more emphasis on dryland production (away from irrigation) or decreasing agricultural production altogether (the Transitioners and Downsizers). Higher long-term temperature of a farm area's location increased the probability of the irrigator being a downsizer, indicating a future trend of irrigation farm exit, given the predicted rise in temperature from climate change in the Murray-Darling Basin. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Vehicle-to-grid (V2G) has been identified as a key technology to help reduc carbon emissions from the transport and energy sectors. However, the benefits of this technology are best achieved when multiple variables are considered in the process of charging and discharging an electric vehicle. These variables include vehicle behaviour, building energy demand, renewable energy generation, and grid carbon intensity. It is expected that the transition to electric mobility will add pressure to the energy grid. Using the batteries of electric vehicles as energy storage to send energy back to the grid during high-demand, carbon-intensive periods will help to reduce the impact of introducing electric vehicles and minimise carbon emissions of the system. In this paper, the authors present a method and propose a V2G control scheme integrating one year of historical vehicle and energy datasets, aiming towards carbon emissions reduction through increased local consumption of renewable energy, offset of vehicle charging demand to low carbon intensity periods, and offset of local building demand from peak and carbon-intensive periods through storage in the vehicle battery. The study included assessment of strategic location and the number of chargers to support a fleet of five vehicles to make the transition to electric mobility and integrate vehicle-togrid without impacting current service provision. The authors found that the proposed V2G scheme helped to reduce the average carbon intensity per kilowatt (gCO2/kWh) in simulation scenarios, despite the increased energy demand from electric vehicles charging. For instance, in one of the tested scenarios V2G reduced the average carbon intensity per kilowatt from 223.8 gCO2/kWh with unmanaged charging to 218.9 gCO2/kWh using V2G. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The fourth industrial revolution, or Industry 4.0, represents a new stage of evolution in the organization, management and control of the value chain throughout the product or service life cycle. This is mainly based on the digitalization of the industrial environment by means of the convergence of Information Technologies (IT) and operational Technologies (OT) through cyber-physical systems and the Industrial IoT (IIoT) and the use of data generated in real time for gaining insights and making decisions. Therefore data becomes a critical asset for Industry 4.0 and must be managed and governed like a strategic asset. We rely on Data Governance (DG) as a key instrument for carrying out this transformation. This paper presents the design of a specific governance framework for Industry 4.0. First, this contextualizes data governance for Industry 4.0 environments and identifies the requirements that this framework must address, which are conditioned by the specific features of Industry 4.0, among others, the intensive use of big data, the cloud and edge computing, the artificial intelligence and the current regulations. Next, we formally define a reference framework for the implementation of Data Governance Systems for Industry 4.0 using international standards and providing several examples of architecture building blocks. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
This commentary offers reflections on how scholars can advance the marketing discipline and contribute to the achievement of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). It contributes to an Australasian Marketing Journal special issue that examines the SDGs from the perspective of a for-profit organization—an important and under-researched topic. It is organized around three strategic planning questions: What is the current situation with respect to sustainability and marketing? Where is the marketing discipline going vis-à-vis the SDGs? How can it help achieve these goals? This commentary contends all work in marketing should be considered in light of the SDGs and that marketers can create high-impact research that furthers the SDGs by following the principles of Responsible Research in Business and Management (rrbm.network). It considers sustainability trends, the evolution of the marketing discipline, and the gap between SDGs and marketers’ knowledge about how to achieve them. It briefly outlines current research priorities and progress made by marketing scholars on sustainability issues. Last, it describes ways for marketing scholars to engage in responsible research—that is, research that is useful to society and is credible—thereby contributing to achieving the SDGs and improving individual, organizational, societal, and environmental well-being. © 2021 Australian and New Zealand Marketing Academy.
To achieve zero net emission conditions, multi-energy microgrids (MEMs) have grown rapidly in recent years. Hydrogen-based technologies and energy conversion systems bring unique opportunities for decreasing carbon emissions in MEMs. Hence, this paper tries to optimize the scheduling of the integrated energy sources in a MEM coupled with promoted energy conversion facilities and the hybrid demand response (DR) scheme. To this end, a hybrid robust-stochastic methodology is established in the form of the multi-objective optimization problem to minimize the operation cost and emission. The developed energy management model for MEM is used to serve and manage the behavior of the data centers and adjacent buildings as the flexible/non-flexible demands. The proposed strategy provides a continuous control mechanism for MEM's operator in the presence of various energy suppliers like hydrogen-based technologies, i.e., power-to-hydrogen unit, hydrogen storage system (HSS), and fuel cell, battery electric vehicle (BEV), etc. Herein, the uncertain characteristics of the electricity market price, energy demands, and renewable power production are controlled by the robust approach and several scenarios with appropriate probabilities. The proposed strategy is applied to various case studies of a typical MEM associated with data centers in the day-ahead energy markets. According to the obtained simulation results, the proposed energy management strategy for MEM can reduce the operation cost and emission by up to 8.2% and 3.9%, respectively. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore how military strategic knowledge managers consider and respond to digitalization of operational processes in their revision of military knowledge management technologies. The research question is: which strategic considerations and professional concerns impact decisions about how far digitalization should be incorporated into Army planning doctrine? Design/methodology/approach: The paper presents material from a qualitative research study which observed the process of revising Danish Army Field Manual III. The empirical data include 12 in-depth interviews as well as documents related to the revision process. Data were analysed using a thematic approach. Findings: The paper identifies and discusses strategic dilemmas arising from incorporating digitalization into planning doctrine. Two major areas of concern are addressed. The first involves considerations about the extent of digitalization, including concerns about risk and issues of timing regarding choices of specific digital solutions. The second involves potential limits of digitalization in relation to military notions of the role and identity of the commander. The article suggests that digitalization may impact on professional roles and identities and that strategic knowledge management developers need to be cognizant of this. Originality/value: The paper contributes to the literature in two ways. First, the paper draws attention to the notions of risk and timing in relation to strategic decisions on how far knowledge management technologies should make use of possibilities brought about by digitalization. Second, the paper provides insight into how digitalization may profoundly alter professional roles and identities. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The success of a firm's supply chain strategy depends on resources in the political environment and the supply network in which it operates. If the political environment is not conducive to a firm's supply chain strategy, a firm can either change its supply chain strategy or seek a political environment that is more favorable to its supply chain. This paper examines this second alternative. The structure-conduct-performance (SCP) paradigm and the competitive dynamics literature are used to explore the relationships between political actions that leverage supply network resources, supply chain strategies, and firm performance. We extend a well-known typology of political actions from the strategic management literature and suggest that beyond influencing or complying with the political environment, firms may choose to moderate the political environment (circumvent or submit) or stay neutral (free ride). An integrated model is developed to explore the relationships between political actions and supply chain strategy, along with a series of propositions outlining how political actions can facilitate supply chain risk management strategies. Finally, suggestions are provided for future research. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Supply Chain Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Purpose: Corporate brands increasingly use influential, high reach human brands (e.g. influencers, celebrities), who have strong parasocial relationships with their followers and audiences, to promote their offerings. However, despite emerging understanding of the benefits arising from human brand-based campaigns, knowledge about their potentially negative effects on the corporate brand remains limited. Addressing this gap, this paper deepens insight into the potential risk human brands pose to corporate brands. Design/methodology/approach: To explore these issues, this conceptual paper reviews and integrates literature on consumer brand engagement, human brands, brand hijacking and parasocial relationships. Findings: Though consumers' favorable human brand associations can be used to improve corporate brand outcomes, they rely on consumers' relationship with the endorsing human brand. Given the dependency of these brands, human brand-based marketing bears the risk that the human brand (vs the firm) “owns” the consumer's corporate brand relationship, which the authors coin relationship hijacking. This phenomenon can severely impair consumers' engagement and relationship with the corporate brand. Originality/value: This paper sheds light on the role of human brands in strategic brand management. Though prior research has highlighted the positive outcomes accruing to the use of human brands, the authors identify its potential dark sides, thus exposing pivotal insight. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: In times of organizational thirst for employee engagement and meaning through designing corporate stories, the aim of this article is to explore and identify key sources (engines) of engagement during LEGO® SERIOUS PLAY® (LSP) corporate learning pre-pandemic events of various types and size in Poland. Design/methodology/approach: This is a conceptual paper. The research was conducted using participant observation from the perspective of a certified facilitator of the method. This position ensures a prime access to the organizational events. Eight training sessions (four LSP and four non-LSP workshops) have been analysed using thematic analysis. The structure of thematic codes has been conceptualized and reflected as the EPIC framework. Findings: The findings include (1) the importance of the experience of emerging realities as a key generator of engagement, (2) the significance of social collaboration and peer-to-peer interactions (experience of collective intelligence), (3) the observable rise in engagement and willingness to contribute when real business situations, especially labelled as “strategic issues” are discussed and (4) the role of image-capturing (“snapshot experience”) in creation of an engaging learning experience. Research limitations/implications: The limitations refer to the potential conflict of interests as the researcher is also the facilitator of the workshop. To ensure the neutral point of view of the researcher, the sessions have been recorded to enable transparency of the observation and non-biased logic of key findings. The “learning experience” research is also culture- and context-sensitive, thus it may be problematic to replicate the research procedure in different countries, however, the EPIC model can be treated as a universal framework to explore and identify the engines of engagement. Practical implications: The concept of this paper is designed from the practical point of view. The findings are adaptable to the corporate practices aimed at empowering employees and are compatible with management models such as agile, human enablement and human-centred design in organizations. Social implications: Serious play methods of learning and experiencing are said to be of the highest importance when finding new ways of organizational learning in the pandemic situation and work from home as a standard learning environment. Originality/value: The contribution of this paper is visible in the conceptualization of the moments that shape an engaging experience. This is also the first academic paper presenting the perspective of a certified facilitator of LSP from Central and Eastern Europe region. © 2021, Monika Sońta.
Expanding green consumption market and precise data promotion advantages make the platform economy have a significant effect on influencing manufacturers to carry out green R&D and production activities, and government subsidies have a positive incentive effect. In this context, for the studies about platform supply chain management with manufacturer’s green production and the platform’s marketing activities simultaneously are rare, we consider that a manufacturer invests in green technologies to produce products and sell them through a smart platform supply chain by an agency selling or reselling strategy, in which the platform provides data-driven marketing technology to promote green products. Four game models are constructed to study the operational efficiency of the platform supply chain considering selling strategy difference and government subsidy. The results show that: (1) The manufacturer’s green technology and the platform’s data-driven marketing levels, as well as all member’s profits are all influenced by the potential market demand of green products, the sensitivities of consumers to green product attributes, and data analysis technology. (2) The service commission rate charged by the platform plays a main role on the manufacturer’s selling strategy choice, when the service commission rate is low, the manufacturer chooses an agency selling strategy and can obtain more profit, but now the green technology level is not necessarily better than that in the reselling system. With the service commission rate increases, a manufacturer that chooses the reselling strategy can obtain more profit, and the green technology level is better than in the agency selling system. (3) Government subsidy can effectively encourage the manufacturer to improve the green technology level, and now the platform will improve the data-driven marketing level. There is a threshold range of the service commission rate charged by the platform in which the government can guide the manufacturer and the platform to reach an equilibrium selling strategy by regulating the subsidy level. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In today’s era of industrial economics, warehousing is a complex process with many moving parts and is required to contribute productively to the success of supply chain management. There-fore, risk management in warehouses is a crucial point of contention to ensure sustainability with global supply chain processes to accommodate good productivity performance. Therefore, this study aims to analyse risks factors that affect warehouse productivity performance towards a systematic identification of critical factors that managers should target to sustain and grow warehouse produc-tivity. This study utilised a traditional risk matrix framework, integrating it with the Borda method and Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) technique to produce an innovative risk matrix model. The results indicate that from the constructed ten warehouse operation risk categories and 32 risk factors, seven risk categories, namely operational, human, market, resource, financial, security and regulatory, including 13 risk factors were prioritised as the most critical risks impacting warehouse productivity performance. The developed risks analysis model guides warehouse managers in targeting critical risks factors that have a higher influence on warehouse productivity performance. This would be extremely helpful for companies with limited resources but seek productivity improvement and risks mitigation. Considering the increasing interest in sustainable development goals (economic, environmental, and social), arguably, this work support managers in boosting these goals within their organisation. This study is expected to benefit warehouse managers in understanding how to manage risk, handle unexpected disruptions, and improve performance in ever-changing uncertain business environments. It often has a profound effect on the productivity level of an organisation. This study proposes an innovative risks analysis model that aims to analyse risks, frame them, and rate them according to their importance, particularly for warehousing productivity performance. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the motives of Indian firms for engaging with corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices and their interplay by using interpretive structural modelling methodology (ISM) and Matrice d’impacts croisés multiplication appliquée á un classment (MICMAC) analysis. Design/methodology/approach: The research uses ISM and Matrice d’impacts croisés multiplication appliquée á un classment (MICMAC) analysis to find the structural relationship among the CSR motives of the Indian firms identified from the past literature and agreed upon by the experts. Findings: The ISM model indicates that firms primarily engage in CSR either because of top management commitment to certain values, to meet the legal mandate or of the pressure from the NGOs. The top management commitment gives a strategic orientation to CSR, which results in community engagement by the firm as one of the important components of the strategy. The community engagement helps in engaging with its employees and investors along with finding sources of innovations, which, in turn, help the firm in engaging its customers, managing corporate reputation and getting a cost advantage. Collectively, these help them in improving their financial performance. However, the model highlights two autonomous sources, meeting legal mandate and pressure from NGOs also motivate firms to engage in CSR without having any strategic thought or engagement with its strategic system. Originality/value: The study provides a comprehensive listing of CSR motives of Indian firms along with the structural relationships among the identified CSR motives. The model developed provides CSR professionals and policymakers an understanding of the primary CSR motives along with their driving power and dependence. This insight will help them in manipulating these motives for better CSR engagement by the Indian firms. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Orchestra auditions form a critical career challenge for many aspiring classical musicians. Hence, emerging professional musicians—defined as promising musicians entering the professional circuit without having yet established full-time employment—require effective practice and performance strategies to manage the demands of auditions. The purpose of this collective case study was to gain an in-depth and contextualized understanding of such practice and performance management strategies in relation to mock orchestra auditions. Data were collected using an intensive qualitative approach, combining semi-structured interviews with regular structured monitoring interviews, with eight musicians. Content analysis revealed that participants, on average, engaged in 33 hr of music-related activities per week, during which they adopted self-regulating strategies (i.e., strategic goal setting, structuring practice, monitoring practice, and reflecting on progress) to a varying degree. Furthermore, participants used different performance management strategies to cope with the pressure of auditions (i.e., practicing under pressure, imagery, relaxation, cognitive reframing, routines, attentional control, and substance use). Overall, the data suggest that the emerging musicians possessed several different practice and performance strategies but showed great variation in the use of such strategies and had a preference for long practice hours. Potential implications for music education organizations aiming to prepare students for auditions are discussed. © The Author(s) 2022.
With 4,249 articles and 245,255 citations, this study identifies four important research topics for three time periods spanning five decades (1971–2020) in business-to-business (B2B) sustainability research: stakeholder orientation and corporate social performance, environmentally-focused resources and their influence on competitive supply chains, internal organization and relational contracting, and trust and commitment. Based on established theory identified in this evaluation of the B2B sustainability literature, an integrative research framework is introduced for future consideration by the domain. The model possesses three components of a firm's strategic focus (partnership type, stakeholder orientation, and sector emphasis) that affect its supply chain collaboration. A greater understanding of the company's supply chain collaboration lies in how the influence of its relationship stage, sustainability capabilities, and channel pressure can impact different sustainability performance outcomes – be they social, environmental, or economic. Additionally, we identify internal (top management initiatives and sustainability investments) and external (economic, technological, and market uncertainties) non-channel drivers and barriers as critical in their moderation of the proposed framework to provide considerable opportunity for future B2B sustainability research endeavors. © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
This study examines the role of differences in firms’ propensity to meet earnings expectations in explaining why firms with high analyst forecast dispersion experience relatively low future stock returns. We first demonstrate that the negative relation between dispersion and returns is concentrated around earnings announcements. Next, we show that this relation disappears when we control for ex ante measures of firms’ propensity to meet earnings expectations and that the component of dispersion explained by these measures drives the return predictability of dispersion. We further demonstrate that firms with low analyst dispersion are substantially more likely to achieve positive earnings surprises and provide new evidence consistent with both expectations management and strategic forecast pessimism explaining this result. Overall, we conclude that investor mispricing of firms’ participation in the earnings-expectations game provides a viable explanation for the dispersion anomaly. Copyright: © 2021 INFORMS
Purpose: This study documented adaptation strategies employed by rural women in Vhembe district as they reel with climate change impacts. Women are heavily plagued by climate change impacts than any other genders worldwide. This is attributed to their high dependence on the natural resources for survival, low adaptive capacity, illiteracy, social ascribed roles that limit their participation in climate change initiatives like men and high poverty levels. Despite the daunting fact of women's vulnerability to climate change and its vagary impacts, women are agents of social change who have not remained passive victims to climate change and its impacts. Design/methodology/approach: This study adopted a qualitative methodology guided by multi-case study design. A sample of 25 participants was selected through simple random and purposive sampling techniques. Data were collected using Focus Group Discussions and individual interviews and analysed thematically. Rural women and traditional leaders served as key informants and participated in the study. Findings: The study established that the effects of climate change on rural women are real; however, there is a cocktail of strategies employed by women in Vhembe district in response to these effects. The strategies include livelihood and crop diversification, use of indigenous knowledge systems and harnessing of social capital among other household-based adaptation strategies. Originality/value: The study recommends that the best way of assisting rural women in adapting to climate change is through the amelioration of poverty, enhancing capacity building for women and elimination of all systems that serve as barriers to effective adaptation. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In their pursuit of greater performance, firms invariably compete with their rivals for customer demand or scarce resources in factor markets. Firms' competitive behavior—the series of competitive actions taken to create or maintain competitive advantage—thus, is a key predictor of profitability and has received much attention in the strategic management literature. The central tenet of this article is that supply networks and the relationships among firms in these networks fundamentally shape the nature of interfirm competition and, ultimately, firm performance. Although prior research has amply studied the competitive dynamics among (horizontal) rival firms as well as the linkages between supply network characteristics and firm performance, there remain important opportunities to examine how supply networks enable and shape firms' competitive behavior and the effectiveness of their rivalrous activity. The goal of this article, therefore, is to take stock of the advances made in prior literature and to outline topics for future study at the intersection of competition and supply chain management. Collectively, we lay out a comprehensive perspective on the role that supply networks can play in affecting competition that, we hope, will inform and guide efforts to enhance our understanding of firm-level competitive behavior and associated performance outcomes. © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Waste recycling constitutes an important part of sustainable municipal eco-management, but the chronic and enduring problem in China is how to motivate residents to participate. Although previous research has found that persuasive incentives can exert a powerful influence on people's pro-environmental behavior, little work placed much emphasis on the effect of various incentives and make a comparison. The moderating role of social norms in indigenous scene is also ignored. The present research attempts to tackle this issue to explore theoretically the black box of China's policy implementation. We conducted two survey experiments online in China from February 28 to April 25, 2021. The results in experiment 1 show that four incentives significantly affect respondents’ disposition toward recycling behavior, of which monetary incentive is the most effective strategy and the order of the rest incentives is environmental framing incentive, institutional incentive and moral incentive according to the effect calculated by the model. Furthermore, experiment 2 finds that social norms positively moderate the nexus between incentives and recycling behavior, and descriptive norms play a more significant role than injunctive norms. Finally, implications for public policy and limitations are discussed. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Urban greening is a strategy for mitigating urban heat island. However, vegetation demands, water and energy, high scarce resources in cities on dry land. Hence, it is necessary to rethink the relationship between green spaces and its surrounding built environment. This work´s objective is to evaluate the impact of Mendoza´s Parque Central (Argentina) on the air temperatures of its built environment, taking as a measure the park cool island intensity in the 2007–2017 period. Parque Central has a strategic value for the urban development of a residential area with a low to medium construction density. Methodologically, four monitoring campaigns were carried out during the summer periods of 2007–2008; 2010–2011; 2011–2012 and 2016–2017. In each campaign, temperature and relative humidity sensors were installed in the area. Satellite images from Landsat 7 were analyzed and four spectral indices were determined. The results indicate that during the 2016–2017 summer the forest and meadow structures were cooler than in the 2007–2008 season. Over 10 seasons, the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index has increased more than 8 times, while the maximum park cool island intensities have increased 2.31 times. This non-proportionality can be explained by the densification of the built environment, among other factors. © 2022
Purpose: Industrial revolutions have been induced by technological advances, but fundamentally changed business and society. To gain a comprehensive understanding of the fourth industrial revolution (I4.0) and derive guidelines for business strategy, it is, therefore, necessary to explore it as a multi-facet phenomenon. Most literature on I4.0, however, takes up a predominantly technical view. This paper aims to report on a project discussing a holistic view on I4.0 and its implications, covering technology, business, society and people. Design/methodology/approach: Two consecutive group discussions in form of academic world cafés have been conducted. The first workshop gathered multi-disciplinary experts from academia, whose results were further validated in a subsequent workshop including industry representatives. A voting procedure was used to capture participants perspectives. Findings: The paper develops a holistic I4.0 vision, focusing on five core technologies, their business potential, societal requests and people implications. Based on the model a checklist has been developed, which firms can use a tool to analyze their firm’s situation and draft their industry 4.0 business strategy. Originality/value: Rather than focusing on technology alone – which by itself is unlikely to make up for a revolution – this research integrates the entire system. In this way, a tool-set for strategy design results. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The application of nature-based solutions for climate change adaptation in cities has increased in recent years. To improve microclimatic conditions and to preserve the natural components of related assets, water supply is necessary. As an alternative to drinking water, stream water might serve as a natural source for irrigation. However, due to continuous urbanisation, water courses have often been banned underground in pipes or integrated in the combined sewer network, both making them not directly available for further usage. This article focuses on the perspectives of decoupling captured streams from underground infrastructure to support nature-based urban climate adaptation measures. It introduces a method to identify suitable locations for practical implementation considering the hydrological potential of the stream and the urban microclimatic sensitivity of the concerned area. The approach was applied in a case study in the north-western part of Vienna, including 16 streams with a total length of about 39 km covering an area of approximately 95 km2 with about half a million inhabitants. This work proved the general practicality of the suggested method. It also revealed that about one-third of the investigated stream lengths appears high or medium suitable to support climate adaption measures, leading to notable cost savings for irrigation (for the substitution of drinking water) and wastewater treatment. Concluding, the decoupling of captured streams could con-tribute to a more sustainable and nature-based urban water management. The introduced method for suitability pre-assessment is applicable with rather easily available input data, which makes it transferable to other cities. © 2022 The Authors.
The recent extreme wildfire events in the Mediterranean region overwhelmed fire suppression capabilities of national authorities, evidencing the need for a paradigm shift in forest and wildfire management. Wildfire spread and behaviour simulations can provide relevant information to assess fire hazard and to guide decision-makers in implementing fuel treatment strategies. Here, we quantify the influence of spatial arrangement of fuels on fire spread connectivity by developing a new graph-based connectivity index and by applying well established graph-based metrics. These spatial connectivity metrics provide useful information for wildfire hazard and fuel management plans, since they can be used to map vegetation patches able to generate large and intense wildfires, with consequent large impacts. This approach was applied in the fire-prone landscape of Serra de Monchique, southwestern Portugal, under different fire weather scenarios and various linear fuelbreak layout options. We show that network metrics allow the location of the most important areas of wildfire connectivity whereas wildfire suppression may be challenging under specific fire weather conditions. We further show how the construction of fuelbreaks allows to modify the wildfire spread by directly reducing the overall connectivity by 20% and the amount of area with limited opportunities for ground-based suppression by up to 70%, which may, however, be insufficient under extreme weather conditions. This information can be used to prioritize the implementation of fuelbreak segments given their relevance to contain wildfire spread across the landscape and to provide defensible areas for ground-based wildfire suppression. We anticipate that these network metrics will be helpful to both land planners and wildfire researchers seeking to disrupt fuel connectivity and assess different fuel reduction strategies in fire-prone Mediterranean regions. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: This paper designs an optimal closed-loop supply chain network with an integrated forward and reverse logistics to examine the possibility of remanufacturing end-of-life (EoL) ships. Design/methodology/approach: Explanatory variables are used to estimate the number of EoL ships available in a closed-loop supply chain network. The estimated number of EoL ships is used as an input in the model and then it is solved by a mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model of the closed-loop supply chain network to minimise the total logistic costs. A discounted payback period formula is developed to calculate the length of time to recoup an investment based on the investment's discounted cash flows. Existing ship wrecking industry clusters in the Western region of India are used as the case study to apply the proposed model. Findings: The MILP model has optimised the total logistics costs of the closed-loop supply network and ascertained the optimal number and location of remanufacturing for building EoL ships. The capital and variable costs required for establishing and operating remanufacturing centres are computed. To remanufacture 30 ships a year, the discounted payback period of this project is estimated to be less than two years. Practical implications: Ship manufacturing businesses are yet to re-manufacture EoL ships, given high upfront capital expenditure and operational challenges. This study provides management insights into the costs and benefits of EoL ship remanufacturing; thus, informing the decision-makers to make strategic operational decisions. Originality/value: The design of an optimal close loop supply chain network coupled with a Bayesian network approach and discounted payback period formula for the collection and remanufacturing of EoL ships provides a new integrated perspective to ship manufacturing. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Categorizing projects allows for better alignment of a portfolio with the organizational strategy and goals. An appropriate project categorization helps understand portfolio’s structure and enables proper project portfolio selection (PPS). In practice, project categorization is, however, conducted in intuitive approaches. Furthermore, little attention has been given to project categorization methods in the project management literature. The purpose of this paper is to provide researchers and practitioners with a data-driven project categorization process designed for PPS. Design/methodology/approach: The suggested process was modeled considering the main characteristics of project categorization systems revealed from the literature. The clustering analysis is used as the core-computing technology, allowing for an empirically based categorization. This study also presents a real-world case study in the automotive industry to illustrate the proposed approach. Findings: This study confirmed the potential of clustering analysis for a consistent project categorization. The most important attributes that influenced the project grouping have been identified including strategic and intrinsic features. The proposed approach helps increase the visibility of the portfolio’s structure and the comparability of its components. Originality/value: There is a lack of research regarding project categorization methods, particularly for the purpose of PPS. A novel data-driven process is proposed to help mitigate the issues raised by prior researchers including the inconsistencies, ambiguities and multiple interpretations related to the taken-for-granted categories. The suggested approach is also expected to facilitate projects evaluation and prioritization within appropriate categories and contribute in PPS effectiveness. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In 2013, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) established a science–policy interface (SPI) to address Parties’ need for demand-driven, timely, interdisciplinary science and technical knowledge to tackle problems of desertification, land degradation and drought. Since then, a comprehensive assessment of the SPI’s impacts on policy decision-making has been lacking, despite perceptions that the SPI is vital to the Convention’s success. Addressing this gap, this paper evaluates whether the SPI and its processes and outputs have provided the necessary scientific and technological knowledge and advice to Parties to support timely, evidence-informed decision-making. It applies an analytical framework to assess performance metrics, considering associated documents and evidence of societal relevance and social quality. The findings indicate that SPI outputs have improved implementation of the UNCCD since 2015, particularly in the context of Sustainable Development Goal Target 15.3. SPI outputs have supported scientific cooperation between the Convention and its strategic partners while enhancing its science and technology profile in line with Article 16 and Article 17. The findings indicate that further formalization of the SPI’s status within the UNCCD is vital to improve its functions, undertake its work, and enable the UNCCD to maintain its global lead in providing knowledge and advice on combating desertification, land degradation and drought. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: The present study aims to address the emergence of platform-organized open innovation (OI). The research has the two main aims: the first is to increase the understanding of the performance of OI by investigating how the achievements of OI are measured in situated practices from a performative and strategic knowledge management (SKM) orientation. The methodological disadvantages of not pre-given case selection are partially counterbalanced by the second aim of the research, which is to extend existing SKM theory and examine how platforms create knowledge as they include actors and digital devices, thereby potentially redistributing relations of accountability. Design/methodology/approach: Building on performativity theory, the paper studies how the achievements and knowledge created in OI are managed and evaluated in practice. The case description draws on different sources from a spiral case study, as openness is performed by platform, firm, crowd and innovation intermediaries. Findings: The paper illustrates how a strategy of digitally enabled openness brings its own issues as platforms enable knowledge sharing and perform a redistribution of accountability. In the heterarchies studied through this research endeavor, managers and their team members were accountable not only to multiple units, or teams, across the organization, but also to the crowd. The case material demonstrates that the ecology of devices and their performative struggles create lateral accountability. Research limitations/implications: While recent streams of research suggest that the context of OI (i.e. distributed sources of knowledge for innovation) shifts the unit of analysis of organization design from the individual firm to networks of actors organized on platforms, the authors find that the focal firm still remains a key conceptual parameter in SKM research, which, in turn, makes it difficult to capture the suggested radicality of OI. Practical implications: The authors show, that in practice, the firm has to take into account the performance of the external crowd and at times put resources into its training and education. In heterarchy, distributed authority is assumed to be facilitated through lateral accountability, whereby the traditional principles of vertical authority no longer hold, but rather, managers and their team members can be accountable to multiple units, or teams, across the organization. Originality/value: The paper develops a performative theory of openness. OI is a model, strategy and socio-material practice whereby digital designs create an ecology of devices that can enact all kinds of openness. Ultimately, the current paper proposes that SKM and OI theory need to consider how platforms perform relations of accountability beyond the boundaries of the single organization. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Pedestrian volume prediction is a key strategy to explore the spatial patterns of pedestrian mobility and develop urban policies. However, due to the expensive costs of field sampling, most existing models are established on insufficient pedestrian samples and obtain limited prediction performance. Therefore, this study proposes an enhanced learning model for pedestrian volume prediction with high spatiotemporal granularity in urban areas. The enhanced learning model is applied to a case study in the central business district (CBD) of the city of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. More than 1400 features are constructed for pedestrian estimation, covering macro aspects of transportation, socioeconomics, road networks, time, land use and place of interest. Compared with the optimal supervised learning model of LightGBM (Light Gradient Boosting Machine), the LightGBM-based enhanced learning model can significantly improve the performance of pedestrian estimation with root-mean-square error (RMSE) reduced by 41.75% and R-squared (R2) improved by 27.75%. The important parameters (i.e., spatial resolution, combination parameter) of the enhanced learning model are validated to significantly affect model performance. According to the spatiotemporal analysis of pedestrian volume in geographic information system (GIS) maps, different measures are proposed to optimize urban mobility and improve city management. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
The objective of this research was to propose a model to drive Thai higher education to a world-class level. The purposive sampling technique was applied to obtain 116 key informants from eight universities located in Bangkok and its vicinity for an in-depth interview. Based on five strategies conceptual framework by Fred R. David and the findings from an in-depth interview, the Delphi technique was carried out with a panel of 17 experts to discover an appropriated model to drive Thai universities to be world-class universities. The results revealed that the model consisted of five fundamental guidelines. Firstly, the guideline for the University administrator recruitment, succession strategy and action plans are suggested to include a board with world-class university specialists and the university executive board should have a global vision, high integrity, administrative competencies, world-class-university-oriented goals, and global academic leadership. In addition, their operation plans should satisfy valuable changes. Secondly, the resource allocation guideline is to create high-quality of interdisciplinary research, innovations for global benefits, communication systems, networks, new business models, and resource management. Thirdly, the work system determination guideline recommended creating the student potential development system, innovative research process, social benefits, administrative technological systems, communication and knowledge management, and high-quality human resource. Fourthly, the organizational structure design guideline pursued to indue the efficiency, flexibility, and streamline systems that can collaborate all relating sectors. Lastly, the organizational culture development guideline suggested to promote integrity, international mindset, work with diversity, with a focus on excellence and social benefits. © 2022 Kasetsart University.
The concept of sustainable development is part of global problems related to human activity, and the functioning of economies and societies in both developed and developing countries. For economic organizations, it means a way of management in which economic, environmental, and social issues related to their functioning are taken into account simultaneously and equally. In organizations following this path of development, a new quality of management should appear. It may concern, among other things, such aspects as the way of including the issue of sustainable development in the organization’s strategy and the way of measuring the achievements in this area. In economic practice, organizations should—to a greater extent than before—focus on products (and/or services), technologies, and resources that contribute not only to obtaining benefits for the organization itself but also for the wider environment. Managing such an organization requires not only the transformation of the attitudes and behaviors of managers and employees but also noticing and taking into account the creative use of tangible and intangible resources, and the creation of innovative concepts and solutions. The purpose of this article is to present green intellectual property as a strategic resource for an organization working towards sustainable economic development. Contemporary organizations that use green intellectual property create a strategy based on the definition of goals and actions to ensure homeostasis between economic, social, and environmental development. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Energy management strategy (EMS) for plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (PHEV) is the key to improve the energy utilization efficiency and vehicle fuel economy. In this paper, a model predictive control (MPC) based on EMS coupled with double Q-learning (DQL) is presented to allocate the power between multiple power sources for PHEV. Firstly, the powertrain framework of the PHEV and its mathematical models were analyzed in detail. Then, based on the required power and speed, an effective convergent offline learning controller was established based on DQL algorithm. Subsequently, the multi-feature input Elman neural network was implemented to predict vehicle speed in MPC, and the trained DQL controller was applied to solve the rolling optimization process in MPC to find the optimal battery output in the prediction horizon. Finally, the proposed strategy was verified in Autonomie software, and the simulation results show that the proposed strategy can achieve a superior fuel economy close to that of the offline stochastic dynamic planning strategy, meanwhile with a perfect adaptability for different state of charge (SOC) reference trajectories. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Battery energy storage systems (BESS) have become a fundamental part of modern power systems due to their ability to provide multiple grid services. As renewable penetration increases, BESS procurement is also expected to increase and is envisioned to play a systematic and strategic role in power systems planning and operation. Therefore, in this paper we present a multiple grid service procurement and operation approach for BESS, including energy arbitrage, reserve/regulation services, power factor correction, and demand management. The proposed framework considers an optimal multi-temporal dimension and is designed to be operable for both planning and real-time operation. Moreover, the nonlinearity inherent to BESS services and the uncertainty associated with market forecast variables are addressed using techniques such as polyhedral norms and robust optimization approaches. The developed model is tested using a utility-scaled BESS, and the results show the effectiveness of the systematic BESS multi-service planning and operation approach. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Self-concept and marketing strategies can produce cognitive activations in the minds of people through physical appearance Schemes. A topic rarely addressed in academic literature is how to visualize a person as a consumer product. Through political marketing, it was analyzed how framing communications can produce cognitive activations through the self-concept of physical appearance. This, in turn, will have an impact on the consumption of politicians through the self-congruence effect. Highlighting a person's physical attributes through political marketing management is a powerful strategic resource that generates perceptions that then leads the receiver to make a quicker decision. The results reflect a conceptualization beyond consumer products, the psychological process of decisions between men and women. The results explain that just like a consumer product, the political candidate can be seen as a product since it keeps coherence and transmits the value to potential buyers (voters). In addition, self-concept of physical appearance establishes a social construction through the activations in the memory located in the individual perception that then generates congruence in the way in which they make their decisions. © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Global sustainability challenges are transforming 21st century business. Economic, social, and environmental sustainability impacts regulatory agencies and enterprises, particularly in the air transport industry, which facilitates access to productive services and market linkage. Stakeholders, shareholders, consumers, employees, and society are increasingly pressuring businesses to examine their socioeconomic consequences and manage them sustainably and resiliently. In this competitive and economically sensitive climate, good management is a primary responsibility for airport operators and authorities, as well as national and local economies. An assessment tool for airport strategic plans is developed in this research. Corporate activities can encourage responsible infrastructure development and company sustainability. The assessment methodology is based on a comparative analysis between airports and regulatory authorities’ threshold. The role of sustainability in the air transport business ecosystem is depicted using a systemic approach, demonstrating that its relationship to business performance is a significant barrier to business resilience and competition for planners, managers, and decision makers. The numerical application considers a group of European, U.S, and Asian airports serving international flights. Conventional wisdom is to provide the evaluation analysis framework for planning and managing capital-intensive transport hubs such as airports. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
It is known that pesticides and other organic pollutants are transported from lowlands and alpine valleys to high alpine summits, where they are stored in glaciers until melting occurs between July and September. In this study, we aimed to map glacial contamination by measuring the concentrations of currently used pesticides, synthetic fragrances, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in glacial and non-glacial meltwater from six sites in the Italian Alps located within the protected Adamello-Brenta Natural Park. We subsequently characterised the ecological risk of these contaminants to aquatic fauna. Chlorpyrifos, chlorpyrifos-methyl, terbuthylazine, galaxolide, tonalide, and PAHs were detected in July and September 2019 and 2020 across all sites. Risk characterisation indicated that PAHs posed a low risk to the alpine ecosystem at most of the sites, and medium risk was associated only with fluoranthene and pyrene at Mandrone in 2020. Regarding fragrances, herbicides, and chlorpyrifos-methyl, the calculated risk to aquatic biocenosis was acceptable under current European guidelines. Only chlorpyrifos posed an unacceptable risk to aquatic invertebrates at two sites: Amola (in July 2019) and Mandrone (in July and September 2019 and 2020). A risk refinement of chlorpyrifos, calculated using the species sensitivity distribution, indicated an acceptable level of risk, as concentrations were consistently below the effect level. Chlorpyrifos is not the only potential threat to Alpine aquatic ecosystems; therefore, it is advised to continue monitoring other equally potentially dangerous compounds that could reach high-altitude environments through medium-range atmospheric transport. To preserve the ecological and social value of the Adamello-Brenta Natural Park, natural capital is a priority. In this context, the results of this study assume strategic importance in supporting the development of future environmental conservation initiatives and water management policies. © 2022
Purpose: Because of the education sector’s evolution, accounting initiatives are required regarding competitiveness. Activity-based costing’s (ABC) neglected potential as a cost strategic tool initiated this research, which aims to identify administrative and operational factors that support or hinder its implementation in educational institutions as a predictor of competitiveness. Design/methodology/approach: A theoretical model was proposed and tested through structural equation modeling to identify relationships between accounting departments, cost procedures, the transmissibility of information and competitiveness. Using quantitative and qualitative methods, a scale of items was derived, denoting an institute’s cost strategy and ABC implementations and returned from 417 Greek education institutes. Findings: An accounting department’s role in accurate data transmissibility and an institution’s organizational structure significantly affect cost-related competitiveness. The importance of information sharing is strengthened by current cost allocation capabilities and the accounting department’s influence on management. Research limitations/implications: ABC’s limited implementation in the Greek education sector complicated the theoretical model’s construction, as a variety of geographical and institutional factors were taken into consideration. Practical implications: Customer value provides a competitive advantage and constitutes the basis of solid price strategies. Research demonstrates ABC’s importance for education institutions’ competitiveness and resource exploitation. Social implications: Education’s commercialization urges costing strategy prioritization. ABC could benefit competitiveness and attract long-term funds and investments. To create value institutions, the allocation of incurred costs to added-value activities is crucial. Originality/value: This study sheds light on vague issues institutions face when dealing with ABC. Understanding accounting departments’ influence shows ABC’s feasibility even for smaller or less efficiency-oriented education institutions. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This study aims to identify and prioritize Green human resource management (GHRM) practices from the policymaker’s perspective in the United Arab Emirates (UAE)-based manufacturing and service sectors to facilitate sustainable environmental performance. Design/methodology/approach: Drawing upon the ability–motivation–opportunity (AMO) and corporate environmentalism theory, this study uses the analytic hierarchy process (AHP), a multi-criteria decision-making model, to rank the most influential enablers of GHRM practices. Data were collected from 24 C-suite executives of UAE-based manufacturing and service units. Findings: Top management orientation for Green, Green organizational culture and Green corporate strategic planning were the most critical enablers that promote GHRM practices in the UAE’s manufacturing and service firms. Past research has mostly overlooked the strategic variables and focused only on organizational level antecedents based on HR bundles of practices. Research limitations/implications: Data were collected only from UAE firms, hence limiting its generalizability. The study shall help organizations operating in emerging countries adopt the best GHRM practices toward Green goal agendas. Originality/value: This research provides an AHP framework that can be used to conceptualize and prioritize GHRM practices, which aids in a firm’s Green decision-making and transition toward sustainable Green growth. This study furthers understanding of GHRM practices play out at the various levels-of-analysis within organizations to present a comprehensive paucity of integrative and multi-level studies over recent years. The study may be relevant for other organizations in other national contexts with similar governance homogeneity. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Context: Restoring wide areas of fire excluded western US landscapes to fuel limited, fire resilient systems where fires self-regulate and burn with low or mixed severity will require expanded use of both prescribed and natural fire, coupled with strategic mechanical fuels management. However, optimal admixtures of fire and fuel management to set landscapes on trajectories to improve fire resilience and conserve carbon are not well understood. Objectives: To understand the effect of accelerating restoration and fuel management in response to potential future fire regimes on a large fire excluded mixed-owner forest landscape. Methods: We simulated 50-year wildfire and active forest management scenarios on a multi-owner landscape in southcentral Oregon, crossed in a factorial design with a range of wildfire and forest management intensities. Results: Wildfire was more efficient at reducing potential high-severity fire, whereas restoration treatments created patches of fire resilient old forest, especially on federally managed land. With some exceptions, both disturbances reduced aboveground carbon over time, although the magnitude varied among the combinations of fire and active management intensities. We observed interactive effects from specific combinations of fire and management in landscape response metrics compared to stand-alone disturbances. Conclusions: Fire and active management have similar landscape outcomes for some but not all restoration objectives, and active management will be required under future predicted fire regimes to conserve and create fire resilient old forest. Achieving widespread fire resilient forest structure will be limited by divergent landowner management behaviors on mixed-owner landscapes. © 2022, This is a U.S. government work and not under copyright protection in the U.S.; foreign copyright protection may apply.
Bangladesh, specifically the northwestern region, faces twin challenges, namely, food and water security, which are pressing now and likely to increase in the future mainly due to climate change. More crops per drop of water, namely crop water productivity (WP), could be a key strategy to address both challenges. This study assessed future wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) WP under changing climate along with adaptation strategies in northwestern Bangladesh. AquaCrop 5.0 model prior to calibration and validation was used coupled with Global Climate Models (GCMs) projections to simulate the yield and WP of wheat for the historical baseline (2000–2019), near future (2020–2039), mid-future (2040–2059), and far future (2080–2099) under Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) 8.5 scenarios. We have tested adaptation strategies such as shifting sowing dates and introducing virtual heat-tolerant varieties to compensate for the adverse effect of future climate change in yield and WP of wheat. The simulated wheat yields using the observed baseline period (2000–2019) climate data are found as 3.73 t ha−1 for the Dinajpur region. This study observed the wheat yield reduction by 11.5%, 21.7%, and 40.5% in the near-future, mid-future, and 2080 s far-future, respectively. Both future maximum temperature (Tmax) and minimum temperatures (Tmin) are projected to increase significantly during the development and ﬂowering stages of wheat production, which could reduce the yield significantly. The actual evapotranspiration (ETa) of wheat during the baseline period is simulated as 271 mm. This ETa could be reduced by 3.7%, 5.9%, and 3.0% for wheat in future time slices, respectively. The WP of wheat during the base period is simulated as 1.37 kg m−3. Results show that wheat WP could be reduced by 6.6%, 21.2%, and 33.6% in the future time slices, respectively. Shifting sowing date (15 November) as an adaptation measure revealed that 10-day backward shifting of the sowing date from the current optimum (25 November) date, the losses of WP could be replenished for all cases, even be increased 3.5% in the 2030s if compared with the current WP observed. Similarly, the loss of WP could be replenished and even increased up to 10.2% and 11.1% for the 2050s and 2030s, respectively, in the case of the 20-day backward shifting sowing date (5 November). In a 10-day forward shifting (5 December), both the yield and WP could be decreased significantly further for all future time slices. Early sowing of seeds could benefit from escaping the critical periods during the flowering stage and could increase the yields and WPs. Introducing virtual heat-tolerant variety as another adaptation measure, we find both the yield and WP of wheat could be increased significantly if compared to the benchmark wheat varieties. These results suggest that adjusting sowing dates and introducing heat-tolerant variety might be a powerful means to mitigate the effect of climate change. © 2022
Post-conflict North Waziristan is experiencing a fundamental shift in the political and economic environment at a very fast pace. This paper examines the complex political economy of post-conflict North Waziristan to assess factors promoting sustainable peace in the region. It identifies the multi-pronged official strategy that is significantly contributing to the transformation of the political and economic environment in the post-conflict setting. These steps include inter alia effective border management to counter illicit trafficking and cross-border terrorism, security sector reforms, improving the mechanism of governance, and diversifying ‘formal’ economic opportunities. The analysis suggests that post-conflict North Waziristan exhibits considerable improvements towards establishing and promoting conditions that are pivotal for sustainable peace. © The Author(s) 2021.
Due to the interactive influences of climate change and human activities, flooding events are becoming an increasingly more serious abiotic stress in wetland ecosystems. Bolboschoenus planiculmis is a critical target plant species for the restoration of degraded wetland in the Momoge National Nature Reserve (MNNR), Northeast China. To investigate B. planiculmis growth response under different flooding conditions, we conducted comparative field studies of its population traits and ecological characteristics under alternate wetting to flooding (AF) and continuous flooding (CF) conditions. Under AF conditions, the B. planiculmis population significantly increased, its cover differed significantly (except June) compared to CF conditions, and flood stress significantly promoted its height. Flood events caused seasonal changes in morphological characteristics, especially stem and leaf length which increased in the growth period, and leaf width and area that significantly differed in June. B. planiculmis tuber biomass under CF condition was significantly higher than AF condition in May. B. planiculmis biomass was greater in AF, compared to CF conditions in the mid-late growth period, and its below-aboveground biomass ratio initially decreased before increasing, which indicated that the growth strategy was a trade-off between matter production and allocation during flooding. Flooding conditions had a significant effect on population traits and ecological characteristics, and AF conditions more strongly promoted B. planiculmis population development. Appropriate seasonal regulated floodwater management during the growth stage will assist B. planiculmis growth. Our findings provide invaluable supporting information for B. planiculmis MNNR wetlands restoration and management. © 2022 The Authors
This research is interested in the role that mentoring can play as a strategy for academic and professional support in the academic internships of undergraduate students of a marketing program in a Colombian university, aiming to validate an e-mentoring model to stimulate the acquisition of professional competencies in students of academic internships. Thus, a quantitative approach-related group pre-posttest experimental type study (a pilot study) was carried out to validate the e-mentoring program. The sample consisted of 18 mentees with their respective 18 mentors, who were evaluated in three different phases (pretest mentee, posttest mentees, and posttest mentors). The results showed positive results, especially in four distinctive competencies (project management, problem-solving, autonomous work, and teamwork). On the other hand, the mentors confirmed elements associated with high satisfaction with the e-mentoring program through its design, purpose, the training provided, and the level of professional, logistical, and technological support. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The unique challenges posed by COVID-19 call for new insights into how firms respond to multiheaded and multistage evolving global crises. Whilst prior research acknowledges the potential role flexible organizational designs and top management teams (TMTs) have for crisis management, these bodies of literature have evolved separately with limited cross-fertilization. In this study, we seek to provide a contextualized explanation of research phenomena by drawing upon multiple layers of context – namely the environment, TMT and organisational context. Our findings provide vital insights into how emerging market Indian SMEs’ organizational designs and TMT configurations led to differential COVID-19 crisis response strategies. We develop a typology that identifies four strategic responses and illustrate that not all emerging market SMEs are vulnerable at the time of crisis. Our findings extend knowledge on how emerging market SMEs can navigate external shocks such as those caused by COVID-19. In particular, our research has implications for policymakers and emerging market firms seeking to understand and implement effective organizational designs and policies that can weather the current COVID-19 pandemic, as well as future multiheaded and multistage black swan crises. © 2022 The Authors. British Journal of Management published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Academy of Management.
This article argues that urban governance, and academic theorisations of it, have focused on the role and strategies of real estate developers at the expense of understanding how investors are shaped by regulatory environments. In contrast, using the case of institutional investment in London’s private rental housing (Build to Rent), in this article I argue that unpacking the private sector and the development process helps reveal different types of risk which necessitate variegated responses from within the real estate sector. In doing so, I demonstrate the complexities of the private sector in urban development, especially housing provision, and the limitations of a binary conceptualised around pro- and anti-development narratives when discussing planning decisions. Instead, I show the multiplicity of responses from within the private sector, and how these reflect particular approaches to risk management. Uncovering this helps theorise the complexities of governing housing systems and demonstrates the potential for risk-based urban governance analysis in the future. © Urban Studies Journal Limited 2021.
This paper presents an adaptive boosting charging strategy incorporating the capacity estimation method based on the operation parameters, which is used for the state estimation and the adaptive adjustment of the charging strategy during the charging/discharging cycling process. Firstly, a coupling thermoelectric-aging battery model involving second-order resistor-capacity equivalent circuit model, two-state thermal model, semi-empirical aging models is set up for the simulation purpose. Secondly, numerical surrogate models describing the charging time and capacity loss in different aging states and charging strategies and a capacity estimation model are generated based on the coupling battery model, design of experiment method and artificial intelligence method. Subsequently, a multi-objective optimization framework based on surrogate models and the second non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm is used to solve the optimization problem of the boosting charging strategy to balance the charging time and capacity attenuation under different aging states. Finally, the simulation of the processes of capacity estimation and charging parameter optimal selection is carried on, and the simulation and comparison of the charging/discharging cycles applying the proposed and standard constant current constant voltage charging strategy are conducted. The results show that the proposed strategy can restrict the capacity loss at 4.44% which is 4.2% higher than the capacity loss by applying standard CCCV, the average charging time decreases from 3792.3 s to 2881.4 s. The average temperature increment is increased significantly, while it is still in the ideal operating temperature, and the average charging time can be significantly decreased. Based on this work, further researches can be conducted to develop the actual boosting charging management systems including aging state estimation and adaptive charging parameter selection. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This paper addresses the problem of containment control strategy for a fleet of follower underactuated surface vessels (USVs) for avoiding obstacles safely and efficiently if the leader USVs are well equipped with high precision sensors. Therefore, within in this framework, we present a constructive method to design totally new prescribed-time performances for formation containment control problem for multiple underactuated surface vehicles (USVs) with unavailable velocity information, uncertainties and subject to inputs and outputs constraints, under directed communication graphs. First, in order to reconstruct the unavailable velocity information as well as to estimate unknown USVs dynamics, induced by unmodeled dynamics, and environmental disturbances, a fuzzy-adaptive observer is designed for the state estimation using only global position information and local measurement of the USVs orientation angle. Next, relying on the backstepping method with anti-windup compensators, new robust output feedback distributed controllers for the follower USVs are designed. Unlike some existing results, based on the use of a speed function, the devised controllers are able to drive the USVs to a neighborhood of the convex hull formed by the leaders in a given finite time at a controllable rate of convergence that can be prescribed by the user. Furthermore, to address the containment error constraints requirement, a universal barrier function approach with a new state transformation is introduced to deal with such constraints. It is shown that all the signals are bounded by an arbitrarily positive constant after a prescribed time. The benefits of the proposed control scheme are validated through computer simulations. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to empirically explore the relationship between a new venture top management team's (NVTMT’s) shared leadership and strategic performance in opportunity recognition and entrepreneurial bricolage by drawing on the upper echelons theory. Design/methodology/approach: Data were collected from 344 new manufacturing ventures located in Eastern China. The hypotheses were tested using structural equation modelling (SEM) through the AMOS 23.0 software package. The confluence of the contextual factors of the new venture is examined by a fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA). Findings: The results indicate that NVTMT shared leadership has an indirect and positive effect on strategic performance through opportunity recognition, especially in a highly uncertain environment, while the mediating effect of entrepreneurial bricolage is not significant. Furthermore, although the SEM results show that the impact of NVTMT shared leadership on entrepreneurial bricolage is negative, the fsQCA shows that NVTMT shared leadership can significantly and positively affect entrepreneurial bricolage in an environment with high uncertainty, ultimately enhancing strategic performance. Originality/value: This study contributes to the shared leadership literature by proposing a model on how shared leadership shapes the strategic performance of new ventures via opportunity recognition and entrepreneurial bricolage. The findings not only enrich relevant research on the upper echelons theory, but also help in understanding the patterns of contextual conditions that facilitate the value-adding properties of NVTMT shared leadership. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Mine gas disasters are a major safety concern in underground coal mining. Protective layer mining is widely used in gas disaster control, but there are limited theoretical and experimental results that can provide guidance for site-specific mining circumstances. Taking the Xinji No. 1 mine as an example, gas disaster treatments were conducted in a new panel with overlying goaf located 85 m above the coal mine and adjacent goaf located at 30 m intervals. This study involved a comprehensive investigation, which included four steps: the selection of the first mining face, gas control and prevention, tracking and investigation, and effect analysis and assessment. The safety strategy focused on gas control planning in new mining areas or panels. The distribution and evolution characteristics of the stress, the gas permeability coefficient and the deformation volume within the protected layer were determined by numerical simulation. The coal deformation, gas emission and extraction effect were analyzed by field observation. The deformation and gas permeability of the coal seam were consistent with the stress evolution, for which the maximum compressional and expansional deformation of 6-1 coal were 18‰ and 28‰, respectively. Gas disaster control and prevention treatment of the mining face produced a significant protective effect on the underlying No. 6-1 coal seam. This work is beneficial for the planning of gas control in successive panels. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
For any coastal desalination plant, the most effective and practical way to dispose of their brine is to thermally discharge it into the sea via outfalls at some distance from the coast. This study focused on the environmental impacts associated with brine and thermal discharge arising from seawater desalination plants at Yanbu, Saudi Arabia, on the southeastern coast of the Red Sea. The impacts associated with recirculation patterns and dispersions were investigated with the calibrated three-dimensional numerical model Delft3d. The environmental impact assessment and the process of identification and characterisation could help improve strategies for better planning and management of the technological solutions related to desalination. Analysis of the model simulations for the different seasons also suggested that around the outfall location, the magnitude of the flow was always high when considered together with the presence of seasonal eddy circulations. Although the tidal flow is lower, the ambient current and wind cause the far-field discharge to spread along the north–south direction during the winter and summer. The thermal and brine dispersion and environmental compliance were assessed in terms of the extent of dispersion. The well-mixed environment caused more rapid dispersion. From the impact level assessment perspective, the study indicated rapid dilution and dispersion of the wastewater at the study region. The present offshore outfall and further offshore locations were far enough to ensure quick dispersion. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Travel and tourism is one of the most affected sectors due to the COVID-19 pandemic, impacting economies, enterprises, and livelihoods worldwide. The pandemic has heavily damaged businesses across the tourism industry, including airlines, transportation, hotels, cruises, and others. Numerous tourism companies went bankrupt or had been struggling to survive, yet other ones have adapted their strategy and seized the crisis to transform their business for the post-pandemic future. This study aims at investigating the TUI Group’s CSR strategic adaptability during the COVID-19 pandemic. The case study is based on a documentary analysis including such documents as annual reports, sustainability strategy, sustainability reports, and financial statements. The findings show that the pandemic crisis moved forward the company’s transformation into a digital platform and its sustainability transformation. Moreover, the CSR strategy has been constantly adapted to the evolving COVID-19 environment. The company’s efforts aimed at maintaining sustainable value have been primarily focused on supporting and engaging employees, ensuring safe holiday packages for customers, and supporting local communities and partners. Several implications are provided based on the study results. © 2022 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Banana wastes can be valorised in bioethanol due to its high content in cellulose (more than 30% of total on a dry basis) and hemicelluloses (25% of total). Large amount of these wastes is generated during the banana cultivation and harvesting stage. This study proposes the use of, beside conventional acid sulphuric, different organic acids (tartaric, oxalic and citric) during acid pretreatment step, to suppress the unwanted compounds formation and improve bioethanol production. Instead, bioethanol production generates a solid waste flow that is managed in an anaerobic digestion plant, obtaining biogas, to be converted into energy, and digestate, considered as a potential biofertiliser. Life cycle assessment methodology is used to analyse the environmental profiles of four valorisation scenarios to produce bioethanol from banana peel waste. According to the results, reported per kilogram of bioethanol, the citric acid-based scenario has the worst environmental profile due to the background processes involved in the acid production (around 55% for most impact categories). Conversely, the oxalic acid-based scenario has the best environmental profile, with a decrease of around 20% and 35%, depending on the impact category, compared to the citric acid scenario. The energy requirements production (mostly thermal energy) is the main hotspot in numerous subsystems regardless of the scenario (ranging from 30% to 50% depending on the impact category). Therefore, the use of renewable energy sources to satisfy energy requirements combined with an energy optimisation of the valorisation strategies through the reuse of some internal steams, is proposed as improvement activities. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: This study analyzes the relationship between two elements of the management control systems (MCSs) (performance measurement systems (PMSs) and socialization processes) and four dimensions of the theory of cooperation (information sharing, problem-solving, adaptability to changes and restraint from the use of power) and how this translates into performance in contracts of strategic supply relationships (SSRs). Design/methodology/approach: A survey was carried out to investigate the theoretical model of Mahama (2006) in the empirical field. The population investigated is composed of service stations dealers affiliated with a union of southern Brazil, and the sample consists of 75 questionnaires. Findings: The structural equation show that the two elements of the management control systems (PMS and socialization processes) do not influence performance when their direct effects are evaluated. However, when evaluated together with the cooperation, the results indicate that information sharing and problem-solving reflect into improved performance in contracts of SSRs. Research limitations/implications: The results are partially similar to Mahama's study (2006). In this study, direct association between socialization processes and cooperation dimensions, related to adaptability to changes and restraints from the use of power, was not identified. Furthermore, the use of PMSs is not associated with the improvement of performance in SSRs. Originality/value: The distinction of this and Mahama's (2006) study focuses on the types of contracts, to identify whether the dimensions of cooperation imply in the contractual relationship. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: A large body of research has analyzed individual psychological characteristics as antecedents of strategic decision-making. However, this research has mainly focused on trait-based characteristics that explain impaired strategic decision outcomes. Recently, PsyCap has been proposed as an alternative driver of strategic decision outcomes that, in contrast to other drivers, can be influenced by management. Design/methodology/approach: Drawing on research on psychological capital (PsyCap), a psychological construct conceptualized as a state-like individual strength that is malleable, the authors argue that PsyCap exerts an inverted curvilinear effect on strategic decision outcomes. The authors use a computerized strategic decision simulation involving 102 managers to empirically test our hypotheses. Findings: The authors show that PsyCap improves strategic decision outcomes up to an inflection point, after which it negatively affects those outcomes. The authors also show that this effect is mediated by heuristic information processing. Research limitations/implications: For the empirical study the authors relied on a sample of 102 practicing managers from the financial services industry in Germany. Practical implications: PsyCap has been shown to be malleable through, for instance, micro-interventions and dedicated web-based trainings. Therefore, depending on managers' PsyCap levels, either further increases in PsyCap or a regulation of this characteristic might be appropriate in order to optimize strategic decision outcomes. Social implications: As a state-like individual strength that is malleable, PsyCap might serve as a management characteristic that is particularly important in challenging situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Originality/value: This paper contributes to research on strategic decision making by introducing PsyCap as an important antecedent of strategic decision outcomes that – in contrast to other individual characteristics – is state-like and, hence, malleable. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Climate change, air and sea pollution, and social inequality are examples of current challenges for global sustainability strategies. Manufacturing enterprises supplying the globalized demand for products significantly contribute to these problems since they are responsible for several environmental and social issues (e.g., greenhouse gases, waste, and poor working conditions). Researchers have widely addressed these issues and warned politicians and society about the risk of the collapse of ecosystems. Despite these warnings, enterprises still experience difficulties in improving the sustainability of their production processes. Therefore, new technologies are required to support them, so as to help them determine their production processes’ sustainability status considering multiple aspects (economic, environmental, and social). The research presents a fuzzy decision support system and a case study for sustainability-based production planning. For this approach, systematic literature reviews were performed, analysing concepts methods for sustainability-based production management and planning. The results show, among other things, that current methods for sustainability-production planning are focused on single aspects of sustainability (e.g., energy or waste planning). Therefore, a fuzzy decision support system was developed, simultaneously evaluating social, environmental, and economic aspects. The decision support system’s model identifies the most significant opportunities in improving the production program’s sustainability and provides recommendations on how to change it. The decision support system was tested and validated in a case study in the production-planning laboratory at the University of Applied Sciences Emden. The case study results elucidate problems, needs, and challenges affecting sustainability-based production planning. Moreover, opportunities for future research were identified based on the limitations of the case study. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Seasonal abandonment in the previously rice-based rotation system is increasingly prevalent worldwide particularly in southern China. Assessing the effect of this abandonment on evapotranspiration (ET) and water resources is of major importance for regional water cycle change and agricultural water management. This study analyzed the ET characterization of rice-winter rape and rice-winter fallow rotation systems and its relation to weather factors in a humid lowland region, southern China based on a half-hourly ET measurement with Bowen ratio energy balance system from 2017 to 2020. Then the strategic modeling experiment combining ET and rainfall-runoff models was used to explore the land abandoning effect on ET and water resources. The results showed that the daily ET values of the rice, rape, and fallow seasons were 3.30 ± 1.89, 1.31 ± 1.31, and 1.55 ± 1.19 mm/d, respectively. The averaged summed ET values of the rice-winter rape and rice-fallow rotation systems were 652.3 and 737.8 mm, respectively. Net radiation (Rn) was identified as the most critical weather factor for ET of all seasons. Air temperature and water vapor pressure deficit mainly affected ET indirectly through the path of Rn. Compared with the previously winter rape, the change in daily ET caused by seasonal abandonment was 0.13 ± 0.11 mm/d. This abandonment-induced ET change increased the average daily storage deficit by 12.0% and groundwater depth by 4.5%, while reduced the daily runoff by 20.3%. © 2022. American Geophysical Union. All Rights Reserved.
Introduction. Numerous researchers have shown the many benefits of academic motivation in educational processes, both at school and at home. Adequate acquisition and development of learning strategies during compulsory secondary education is key to future academic success. The aim of this paper is to explore how academic goals and parenting styles relate to learning strategies in secondary school students. Method. For this purpose, three questionnaires were administered to a sample of 358 students enrolled in 7th through 10th grades, their ages ranging from 11 to 17 years. Results. Statistically significant differences stand out in the highest level of Task goal and in the authoritative parenting style, in terms of cognitive, metacognitive and resource management strategies. This indicates the strategic-motivational superiority of a learning orientation and family styles that balance affect and control. Discussion and conclusions. The most strategic family-motivational profile corresponds to a learning goal orientation (performance orientation to a lesser degree), in combination with an authoritative parenting style (authoritarian in second place), taking into account the negative influence of ego self-protection and task avoidance. Finally, we offer conclusions needed for future studies in this line of research. © 2022. Universidad de Almería and Ilustre Colegio Oficial de la Psicología de Andalucía Oriental (Spain). All Rights Reserved.
Purpose: This study aims to investigate the impact of top management team (TMT)'s gender diversity on corporate social performance (CSP). It sheds light on inconsistent results in literature by testing the moderator effects of chief executive officer (CEO) managerial ability and corporate governance (CG) on such impact. Design/methodology/approach: A dynamic panel estimator is applied to an international sample of 8640 firm‐year observations from 2013 to 2017. Findings: The author finds reliable evidence that the critical mass of at least three women leaders has a positive impact on the firm's CSP. Obtained results suggest, moreover, the deterrence effects of CEO managerial ability and CG tools (board independence, board gender diversity, the presence of a corporate social responsibility committee and family control) on the women leaders' contribution to the firm's CSP level. These results remain consistent with alternative measures for women leaders and CEO managerial ability. However, findings are lost when women achieve the CEO position, the chairperson position or both positions, which imply that men and women leadership styles are closely similar rather than different. Furthermore, women leaders' effect on CSP seems dependent (do not) on the country (industry) which a firm belongs to. Practical implications: From a practical standpoint, the study highlights the importance of fostering the achievement of a critical mass of women leaders and the combination of CEO managerial ability – educational/professional backgrounds – and CG attributes to improve the firm's CSP. The study has important implications for investors and regulators. If investors wish to increase CSP, they should ask for more gender diversified TMTs. Furthermore, this study supports regulators in their efforts to increase senior women's quotas by providing empirical evidence of better social outcomes under leader gender diversity. The study’s evidence is also useful for companies in setting the criteria to identify CEOs who can support their strategic decisions. Originality/value: By studying the impact female leaders have on CSP under CEO managerial ability and CG as moderators, this study is the first to display complementarities and substitutions between CEO's managerial ability and selected CG attributes in the promotion of CSP by female senior executives. Furthermore, it fills the void on how TMT's gender diversity impact CSP. In fact, while it is conventionally considered that women are more likely to engage in socially responsible activities, sensitive findings of this study shed light on the brighter side of female executives when they achieve the CEO, the chairperson position or both positions. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to use a theoretical framework to investigate the relationships between different innovation-oriented dynamic capabilities, dynamic resilience and firm performance among logistics service providers (LSPs) and in-house logistics departments of industrial companies during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Design/methodology/approach: The conceptual theoretical framework relies on the dynamic capabilities framework (DCF) and the relational view (RV), which are rooted in the resource-based view (RBV). It is hypothesized that the dynamic capability to innovate reinforces the dynamic capability to adapt and to recover in highly dynamic and vulnerable environments during the pandemic. This allows LSPs to successfully create new services and respond to the changing market circumstances in terms of logistics service quality (LSQ) and firm performance. Data were collected from 83 LSPs and 30 in-house logistics departments via an online survey. The study determined the general strength and direction of the relationships between latent variables. A correlation analysis was utilized to establish statistical significance of the results. Findings: In this study, a range of innovation-oriented capabilities for achieving more dynamic resilience were bundled in a conceptual framework and were found to be statistically significant for LSQ and firm performance. They are the capability to distribute new knowledge, to train employees effectively, to develop cross-functional collaboration within the firm, to develop inter-firm relationships with business partners on a long-term basis as well as to learn from rivals, and to pursue a win-win relationship with them. Research limitations/implications: The results of the study do not imply that the identified capabilities are the only ones relevant to increasing dynamic resilience during the pandemic. In October 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic was at different stages in different countries, so that the level to which firms were affected varied, and although the data were collected during one month only, due to the high dynamics of the pandemic, data were collected during different stages of disruptions, even among respondents in the same country. This study was set in the context of COVID-19, and it could not be proved whether the conceptual framework is generalizable to other crises or particular industries, but it would be worthwhile to examine this in the future. Finally, it was not tested whether LSQ mediates the relationship between innovative capabilities and firm performance during the pandemic. Practical implications: The results help managers with regard to their strategic and operational decisions in relation with COVID-19. These findings are useful for executives and logistics managers to improve these capabilities to gain a competitive advantage during pandemic and to find their strengths and weaknesses to develop critical capabilities for situations with a high turbulence and dynamic in their environment, and therefore provide a path for improvement. Originality/value: This paper operationalizes a multi-theoretical conceptual framework in the context of logistics management (LM) and supply chain management (SCM). This conceptual framework was empirically tested. © 2021, Irina Dovbischuk.
This research investigates how top management team national diversity (TMTND) and corporate social responsibility (CSR) institutional uncertainty affect strategic CSR focus in foreign-owned subsidiaries. The paper develops a theoretical framework based on institutional theory and upper echelon perspectives to test a sample of MNE subsidiaries. Survey data were collected from subsidiaries in Thailand and Taiwan. Non-symmetric analysis suggests that while TMTND plays an important role in establishing a CSR focus, it is not conducive in itself to high-performance outcomes. Performance is measured by market share, sales growth, and profitability for each subsidiary. The results also show that there are notable differences between the subsidiaries located in Thailand and Taiwan as to what extent CSR strategic focus and top management team national diversity are relevant for high-performance outcomes. The study demonstrates that the links between CSR, TMTND, and subsidiary performance are much more complex than previously assumed. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: Although cross-border e-commerce has become increasingly popular among small and medium-sized enterprises as a foreign market entry mode, research on the determinants of its success is scarce. Drawing on the resource-based view, this study aims to examine the relationship between a firm’s information technology, international marketing and export operations capabilities and its cross-border e-commerce strategic and financial performance. Design/methodology/approach: Partial least squares structural equation modeling was used to analyze data from a sample of Italian exporters in the food and beverage industry. Findings: The results highlight the mixed effects of information technology, international marketing and export operations capabilities on both e-commerce strategic and financial performance. Moreover, the use of third-party e-commerce platforms reduces the effect of exporters’ information technology capabilities on their e-commerce financial performance. Research limitations/implications: The majority of exporters in this study had implemented cross-border e-commerce only recently; hence, longitudinal data on the success factors of e-commerce are not available. Practical implications: While cross-border e-commerce may work as an accelerator of the overall export performance, export managers are urged to approach it strategically with a clear medium-term view to develop the required capabilities. Originality/value: This study was one of the first to examine the drivers of small and medium-sized exporters’ cross-border e-commerce performance. Moreover, unlike most previous analyzes, it focused on e-commerce as a foreign market entry mode rather than a supplement to offline exporting activities. © 2021, Fabio Cassia and Francesca Magno.
Cyber-security incidents show how difficult it is to make optimal strategic decisions in such a complex environment. Given that it is hard for researchers to observe organisations’ decision-making processes driving cyber-security strategy, we developed a board game that mimics this real-life environment and shows the challenges of decision-making. We observed cyber-security experts participating in the game. The results showed that decision-makers who performed poorly tended to employ heuristics, leading to fallacious decision approaches (overreaction strategies in place of proactive ones), and were not always aware of their poor performances. We advocate the need for decision support tools that capture this complex dynamic nature. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: This paper aims to investigate how the abstract marketing concept of brand heritage is operationalized through visual elements on social media. Design/methodology/approach: A mixed-methods approach combines interviews with marketing experts, a focus group with specialized academics, an open coding of Instagram images and the systematic coding of 800 images of eight champagne brands (company-generated content). Findings: The study identifies 20 brand heritage codes (e.g. groupings of brand heritage visual cues with homogenous meanings). These codes are combined in three different factors (brand symbols, product legacy and consumption rituals) that discriminate between brands. Research limitations/implications: The paper offers a description of what brand heritage looks like in practice. This visual operationalization of brand heritage is based on a single category, a limitation that further research can address. The results also contribute to research on visual brand identity and provide practical insights for the management of brand heritage at the product brand level. Originality/value: This paper bridges the gap between the strategic management of brand heritage as a resource and the way it is concretely made available to the consumers. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
With the pervasiveness of racism, some scholars have interrogated the role of discourse in perpetuating the racial status quo. While research has denoted how prominent leaders and policies advance deficit-laden characterizations of minoritized groups that reify racial hierarchies, how racial discourse is mobilized in day-to-day politics remains less understood. This study investigates this phenomenon by examining the racial appeals used by charter management organizations as they garner support. It finds that charter management organizations used color-evasive discourse and variable racial narratives to build the case for their organizations with funders, families, and school board members. This code-switching points to the strategic use of racial discourse in local politics while demonstrating how racial power can be manifested in the pursuit of resources. © 2022 AERA.
Purpose – This study aims to identify the combinations of MCSs used with different strategic behaviors adopted by agro-industrial cooperatives. Theoretical framework – Miles and Snow’s strategic behavior model and Simons’ management control systems model (1995). Design/methodology/approach – A survey was carried out of 100 managers of agribusiness cooperatives in the dairy sector in the southern region of Brazil. Fuzzy set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA) was applied to the data collected. Findings – The results partially confirmed the propositions established in the study. Different combinations of belief systems, limits, diagnostic control, and interactive control were observed depending on whether the cooperative adopted defender or prospector strategic behaviors. Control of the cooperative’s strategy is achieved by combining the MCSs, since their strength lies in their joint use and their complementarity. Practical & social implications of research – The combined use of rigid and flexible controls allows agro-industrial cooperatives to simultaneously target operational efficiency and the pursuit of innovation. Originality/value – By demonstrating that not all MCSs are individually relevant to different strategic behaviors, with evidence of equifinality in MCS combinations, the study provides an original contribution. © FECAP.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to develop a framework on how to deal with stressors emerging from the COVID-19 outbreak. The theoretical framework aims to explain pandemic-related stressors and potential ways to prevent them, considering a wide range of interacting factors at individual, team and organizational levels to ensure their employees’ health. Design/methodology/approach: The authors drew on an integrative literature review to identify pandemic-related stressors influenceable by the organization and gathered solution approaches to counteract them. Popular psychological stress theories served as a theoretical base for the framework. Findings: The authors based the framework on an integration of the transactional stress theory (Lazarus and Folkman, 1984) and the job demands resources model (Schaufeli and Bakker, 2004), focusing on their respective theoretical strengths. The final framework offers a solid orientation for scholars regarding the introduction of holistic and strategic measures in coping with pandemic-related stressors. A section describing possibilities for practitioners’ use of the framework has been integrated. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this study is the first to offer a framework on how to handle COVID-19-related stressors in the workplace by implementing teamwide and companywide measures. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
As digitalisation is costly and requires continuous planning, updating, and monitoring, voluntary disclosure of digitalisation-related information can enhance a company’s reputation and subsequently reduce the cost of capital. However, such information is not part of mandatory disclosure. This paper intends to assess how and how much Malaysian public listed companies disclose digitalisation-related information in their annual reports. Using a qualitative approach and purposive sampling, this study analysed data from the audited annual reports in 2020. Forty-nine Malaysian listed companies were selected. This study discovered that digitalisation-related information was included in nine sections: overview, events and highlights, management reports and discussion, our capitals, governance and leadership, sustainability report, external environment, notes to the accounts, and additional information. In addition, those disclosures were related to marketing, the product offered, business operation, governance, risk management, customer relations, organisational structure, and strategic management. The disclosure level for digitalisation-related information was generally basic where companies provided a brief description of their digitalisation initiatives, tools, and technologies. These findings are useful for internal and external stakeholders, including Malaysian agencies that are directly responsible for transformation into digitalisation in Malaysia. Future research may cover other sectors, employ different research approaches and focus only on integrated reports. © 2022, Universiti Teknologi Mara. All rights reserved.
In recent years, managers of both private and public organizations in developing countries have been struggling to double production and improve service delivery in their organizations. Successful organizations in the western world were, however, identified with the use of Information Technology (IT). The paper examined the magnitude of IT and its application in human resource management. Four organizations from private and public sectors were selected from all. Two organizations from each sector, members of staff, Human Resource (HR) professionals and managers of these organizations were targeted. A structured questionnaire was used to collect data from the staff and unstructured interviews were designed to gather data from the HR practitioners and managers of these organizations. A statistical package for social sciences (SPSS) was used to analyse the data. In general, about 76.9% of the participants said that IT application in HR functions enhances organizational productivity. The selected organizations could boast of basic IT facilities, but their numerical strength still remains a challenge especially among organizations in the public sector. Organizations in both sectors must invest more in IT and its related accessories as a means of solving problem of inadequacy. Internet connectivity and company website were lacking in some organizations across both sectors and should be considered so as to improve upon the human resource functions and quality service delivery in the deprived regions of Ghana. Staff motivation, wage and salaries, strategic management and organizational leadership were mentioned as factors when put together with IT would augment productivity in any given economy. © 2021 The Author(s).
This paper analyzed the impact of treated wastewater irrigation on long-term soil water retention. Irrigation with treated wastewater (TWW) constitutes a strategic opportunity for development of agriculture in semi-arid regions. For the sustainable management one of the challenges is evaluating its effect on the soil. The results of the current study indicated that TWW-irrigation leads to increased soil salinity at a depth of 0–0.20 m. In terms of the soil’s ability to retain water, at the mid-period use (8 y), the TWW retention was reduced by 33% capacity at a depth of 0.10 m compared to soil irrigated by freshwater. The decrease was less significant (24% of retention) in the long term. The surface layer of the soil (0–0.10 m) irrigated by TWW retained less water than when irrigated by fresh water. Regarding the soil water retention curve, the impact of TWW becomes important at very high suction pressures (i.e., VHP > 1,000 cm) compared to lower suction pressures (i.e., HP: 10–1,000 cm). The results suggested that the use of TWW decreased the water retention at field capacity and wilting point values. © 2022 Desalination Publications.
Aiming to fill a need for data regarding radiocesium transport via both branchflow and stemflow through forests impacted by radioactive fallout, this study examined the vertical variation of radiocesium flux from branchflow and stemflow through the canopies of young Japanese cedar (Cryptomeria japonica (L. f.) D. Don) and Japanese oak (Quercus serrata Murray) trees in the aftermath of the Fukushima Dai-ichi Nuclear Power Plant accident. In forested areas approximately 40 km northwest of the location of the Fukushima Dai-ichi accident, the 137Cs concentration varied significantly among sampling periods and between the two forests, with the oak stand exhibiting higher 137Cs concentrations and depositional fluxes than the cedar stand. Expressed per unit trunk basal area, the depositional flux of 137Cs generated from the cedar and oak stands was 375 and 2810 Bq m−2 year−1, respectively. Of this total, 71% and 48% originated from the cedar and oak canopy, respectively, while the remainder originated from the trunk. Accordingly, the origin of radiocesium was more balanced for the oak stand with almost half of the flux coming from the canopy (48%) and the other half from the trunk (52%). Only about a quarter (29%) of the radiocesium flux originated from the trunk in Japanese cedar. Results from this work provide needed data that can enable a more thorough conceptualization of radiocesium cycling in forests. Coupling these empirical results with a physically-based model would likely lead to better forest management and proactive strategies for rehabilitating radioactively-contaminated forests and reducing the exposure risk of radiation dose rate for those that utilize forest products. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
A simple and consolidated reliability-based method widely used to unveil the real reliability and stability of wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) is herein proposed to trigger decision making on operational improvements and asset management for maintaining or improving treatment effectiveness, reliability, and efficiency. Five-year data (2015–2019) from 16 Portuguese activated sludge WWTPs were used. For the 73% of the yearly data which fitted a lognormal distribution, Niku’s coefficient was computed to assess the plant annual reliability for biological oxygen demand (BOD5), chemical oxygen demand (COD), and total suspended solids (TSS). The standard deviation of the annual concentrations was used to characterize the plant stability, and the maximum standard deviations allowed to comply with the European discharge requirements for urban WWTPs were derived. The results demonstrate extended aeration WWTPs were more reliable and stable than conventional aeration WWTPs (0.98 reliability vs. 0.82 for BOD5, 0.97 vs. 0.91 for COD, and 0.94 vs. 0.89 for TSS). Furthermore, the lower reliabilities and stabilities were found for the smaller WWTPs. These results are important for strategic asset management for designing and rehabilitation of the wastewater treatment system. At tactical and operational levels, for resources’ allocation and operating conditions set up, the computed WWTP’s coefficient of variation allows establishing the mean effluent concentrations required for compliance with a given reliability for different scenarios of discharge requirements. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The enabling influence of environmental changes—be they technological, regulatory, demographic, sociocultural, or otherwise—on emerging ventures receives a growing interest from researchers and practitioners. To support knowledge accumulation in this important area, we systematically review and integrate research that is dispersed across disciplines, nominal types of change, and theoretical approaches. Under a unified terminology within a cross-level (environment to agent), process-aware framework, we examine what has been done and learnt. On this basis, we develop an agenda for further, future accumulation of knowledge about the strategic and serendipitous influence of environmental changes throughout and beyond the venture creation process. © The Author(s) 2021.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) play an increasingly important role in global economic development, and they have encountered many unique problems (such as resources and strategic choice). Strategic management accounting (SMA) techniques can help SMEs allocate limited resources rationally and integrate internal and external information to help managers make strategic decisions. However, how and what is the SMA applied in the reality of SMEs, especially in developing countries today. This paper aims to explore the extent to which SMEs of developing countries use SMA. This article used the qualitative research method and the data were collected by interviewing five managers and two employees in M company. The findings indicated that: (1) The senior managers of SMEs do not have an understanding of accounting nor pay enough attention to it, and the role of SMA is even worse; (2) Although the chief financial officers obtain the knowledge of SMA, they cannot fully involve it in their strategic decision making. (3) SMEs have realized that enterprise culture is very important for a company to achieve strategic goals, but it is far from enough to attach importance to and create it. (4) The general managers of SMEs believe that the operating department is the core of the company and all resources should be prioritized to meet their needs. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to clarify how brand meaning evolves as an emergent property through the cocreation processes of stakeholders on multiple levels of a brand's service ecosystem. This provides new insight into the intersection between brands, consumers and society, and emphasizes the institutionally situated nature of brand meaning cocreation processes. It further lays a holistic foundation for a much-needed discussion on purpose-driven branding. Design/methodology/approach: Combining the ecosystem perspective of branding with the concept of social emergence allows clarification of brand meaning cocreation at different levels of aggregation. Emergence means collective phenomena – like social structures, concepts, preferences, states, mechanisms, laws and brand meaning – manifest from the interactions of individuals. Drawing on Sawyer's (2005) social emergence perspective, the authors propose a processual multi-level framework to explore brand meaning emergence. Findings: Our framework spans five levels of brand meaning emergence: individual (e.g. employees and customers); interactional (e.g. where work teams or friend groups interact); relational (e.g. where internal and external actors meet); strategic (e.g. markets and strategic alliances); and systemic (e.g. regulators, NGOs and society). It acknowledges that brand positioning is an inherently co-creative process of negotiating value propositions and aligning behaviors and beliefs among broad sets of actors, as opposed to a firm-centric task. Originality/value: Service research has only recently embraced a macro–micro perspective of branding processes. This paper extends that perspective by paying attention to the nested service ecosystems in which brand meaning emerges and the degree to which this process can (and cannot) be navigated by individual actors. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Public relations is essential in helping to develop, shape, maintain and manage relationships between an organisation and its publics. However, for that to occur PR must play a strategic/managerial role. It is only when the practitioner is involved in strategic management and engages in managerial activities, can PR really excel and add real value to the organisation. The present study presents findings from an investigation of the role of senior PR practitioners in the financial services sector of Ghana. It examines the roles practitioners in the FSS perform, the strategic nature of these roles, and the challenges that affect the performance of the strategic role. The research was inspired by a lack of knowledge on the specific roles performed by PR practitioners in Ghana, which affects the practice of the profession and limits scholars in the country from fully participating in the discussion on the subject. The article reviews literature on roles research from western and African perspectives and empirically analysis two key roles—technician and manager. Data were gathered utilising a one-on-one interview with 22 senior PR practitioners in the financial services sector. The study found little evidence of a separation between the technician and managerial roles. An important finding was that even though practitioners enjoyed access to senior management, they were not involved in the decision-making process. Also, they faced challenges such as lack of understanding by the management of the value of PR. The paper concludes that the lack of involvement in the decision-making process and the challenges faced limits the ability of practitioners to fully perform the strategic role. Significantly, there is a need for scholars in Ghana to examine the perceived value of PR to organisations from the perspective of senior management. The study calls for comprehensive research in this area in relation to the unique characteristic of African PR practice. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Marine reserves can improve fisheries yields of target species while maintaining the persistence of bycatch species. However, the prevalent equilibrium analyses prevent our understandings in transient behaviours to achieve fisheries adaptive management. By incorporating age structure, we develop high-dimensional theoretical frameworks including both target and bycatch species to compare the yields of target species under different fisheries management strategies. With practical applications to the West Coast groundfish fishery in the USA, our research suggests that strategies with reserves can perform more benefits than traditional strategies without reserves in both conservation and fisheries aspects if target species have old ages at maturity and low adult survivorships. In addition, if fisheries yields are measured by weight, fisheries management has multiple choices over short time scales, which is contrary to the conclusions when yields are measured by numbers. The generality of applying our theoretical frameworks to fisheries management is tested with hypothetical parameters. Our work can be used to choose suitable measurement metrics and design more precise optimal fisheries strategies for given natural systems with specific life histories. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
This article aims to present changes in the use of electricity by service companies, resulting from regulations within the framework of increasing energy efficiency from the perspective of the implementation of the European Green Deal strategy. To achieve the above goal, the following research question was formulated: to what extent did the COVID-19 pandemic affect the implementation of energy transformation and electricity consumption among the surveyed group of recipients? It should be noted that, so far in the global environment, more and more electricity has been used every year, and this tendency is still continuous and growing. Therefore, in European Union countries, measures have been taken to balance demand and its rational use, resulting from the implementation of the European Green Deal strategy. According to the strategic goal of the indicated policy, EU countries are obliged to implement a sequence of actions enabling their transformation into a modern, resource-efficient, and competitive economy. In particular, the strategy aims to achieve three main goals: 1. Achieving climate neutrality by reducing net greenhouse gas emissions to zero in 2050; 2. Decoupling economic growth from the consumption of natural resources; and 3. Striving for an equal standard of living in all countries. Therefore, the behavior of individual countries should focus on providing the required amount of energy to ensure socioeconomic growth while reducing pollution and environmental devastation caused by traditional methods of energy production and use. There are numerous talks and debates about the defined tasks and mechanisms leading to the achievement of the indicated goals, in which hardly any mention is made of the methods of monitoring the progress and evaluation of individual projects at the stage of building a new green deal. This study aims to fill the research gap observed in the current state of knowledge on energy management in EU countries from the perspective of the European Green Deal strategy and changes in its management resulting from the conditions of the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, in line with the aim of the article: 1. Factors influencing electricity consumption in service enterprises operating in EU countries were indicated; 2. Energy consumption variability in these entities was determined; and 3. The correlation between electricity consumption and GDP growth in the service sector located in EU countries was indicated. There-fore, a hybrid research method was used to analyze the data obtained from the databases of Euro-stat and Statistics Poland, which consisted of the following analyses: diagnostic-descriptive, main components, and wavelet transform. Based on the conducted research, it should be concluded that energy consumption among service companies operating in the EU market is conditioned by three sources of causes along with the relevant consumption factors. The first group includes energy and technical premises, along with technological determinants. The second is shaped by financial and economic motives, which include socioeconomic factors. The third group is related to environmental sources represented by the natural environment and geographic and meteorological fac-tors. The increase in electricity consumption in service enterprises is related to the average GDP growth of EU countries following a two-way cause-and-effect relationship implemented until 2019. Nevertheless, since 2020, there has been a noticeable decrease in energy consumption by 14.01% by service entities, which results from the limitations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the implementation of the European Green Deal strategy. Meanwhile, the structure of electricity consumption growth was dominated by industrial enterprises (increased by 37.7%) and individual consumers (increased by 7.8%). The results of the research may motivate the managers of EU countries and enterprises to analyze the factors of energy consumption, its variability, and de-pendence on economic growth, which contribute to determining the forecast of future energy de-mand, in connection with the ongoing energy transformation resulting from the implementation of the European Green Deal strategy, and economic slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The issues presented in this article are an attempt to fill the gap indicating practical experience related to the process of electricity management and management in the political, economic, and technological dimensions from the perspective of implementing the European Green Deal strategy and the conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: Market uncertainties require organizations to consistently revisit their product portfolio. Theoretically the link between corporate strategy, supply chain and operations for Product Deletion (PD) decisions is lacking. The purpose of this study is to develop a decision support tool that enables managers to evaluate PD decisions across business, supply chain strategies and customer considerations; rationalizing product portfolio variety while realizing long-term organizational competitiveness. Design/methodology/approach: This study applies Quality Function Deployment (QFD) to formalize PD decision-making across multiple functional strategy perspectives. Manufacturing, supply chain, finance and marketing functions are included along with incorporating multiple stakeholder voices from multiple organizational levels—including top-management team members, cross-functional managers and customers. A case study application is conducted using an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) perspective. Findings: The interrelationships between business, supply chain strategies and customer requirements are identified, along with tensions and tradeoffs using a series of “houses” or relationship matrices. The methodology provides managers with a decision support tool that can be flexible and applicable to aid sound PD decision-making incorporating multiple stakeholders. Originality/value: Product decisions at the decline stage—for example product retirement or deletion—are neglected both in research and in practice. Having a formalized systematic process can make PD outcomes more objective. The proposed QFD approach is one of the early PD decision support tools—products can be deleted for strategic, operational and customer-related reasons, and the hierarchical interrelationships among various reasons need to be carefully managed to ensure sound product portfolio rationalization. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The table is set, and we have already experienced a significant turnover in our profession. This fact requires us to rethink our current perspectives on retention and turn-over. In this article, the importance of a strategic network to be successful in a work transition and ideas on how to integrate it into any onboard-ing program are discussed. © SLACK Incorporated.
Purpose: The purpose of this study is to explore balanced leadership behaviors, which exhibit ambidexterity, in a top management team (TMT) recognized for innovation and operational success. Design/methodology/approach: An action research case study was conducted in a single global organization in an industry requiring high levels of innovation. Operationalized as a balance of exploratory and exploitative behaviors, leadership ambidexterity was measured using the strategic-operational dimension of the Leadership Versatility Index (LVI©) which when completed included 67 assessments provided by TMT peers, supervisors and direct reports. Using quantitative and qualitative data, we examined the behaviors of six executives and the degree of flexibility they exhibit when switching opposing behaviors. Findings: This study provides empirical evidence that TMT leaders of a highly innovative company strive to flexibly move between explorative and exploitative behaviors both as individual members and as an executive team. A high degree of exploitation–exploration versatility was also linked to the TMT effective performance. Practical implications: For organizational practitioners, the study offers a quantifiable measure of individual and team leadership ambidexterity. It can be used to raise awareness and suggest ambidextrous behaviors to TMT leaders and “high-management-potentials”. Originality/value: This study measures leadership ambidexterity of individual executives and the TMT as a group using a quantitative instrument supported by 360-degree qualitative data. Access to both secondary and proprietary information allowed in depth examination of the TMT behaviors in an innovative firm, which was acquired at a premium and was recognized with multiple innovation awards. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The purpose of this article is to prove the need to perceive revenues as a manageable variable by applying an active approach to companies' management during the COVIDization of the economy. In this regard, the article illustrates the role of revenues as a factor and as a result. Revenues underlie the formation of all major financial indicators. They are key measures of a company's growth and performance. This dual nature of revenues is revealed in the context of economics, accounting and financial management. Their importance determines the need to adopt an active approach to revenue management of the economy during COVID-19 pandemic or other similar future occurrences. From a theoretical point of view, the active approach has been justified in the context of the classical strategic management methods emphasising the leading role of marketing. The main research hypothesis tested is that in the conditions of a sharp change in the economy during COVIDization, the importance of the active approach of operating revenue management as the main variable (KPI), cannot be understated. © 2022. Transnational Press London. All Rights Reserved.
Public apologies are so prevalent in our social lives that they have become a subject of scholarly investigation all over the globe. The present study, which involves coding, frequency counting, and qualitative analysis, examines the strategic aspects of 16 public apologies issued to Filipino apologizees. The results of our analysis indicate that apologizers often choose varied knowledge types and draw upon presuppositions to strategically omit details that can negatively influence their credibility and the reception of their apology. More specifically, apologizers use the audience’s presuppositions to avoid presenting common knowledge of the offense that may incriminate them further; they also omit the mention of future action that may hold them more accountable for their transgressions. Our present analysis bolsters the view that although the sincerity of public apologies cannot be exactly measured, they are still performed as part of image repair and management of interpersonal relationships. © International Pragmatics Association.
China’s population is ageing rapidly and the increase in life expectancy is accompanied by a loss of capability with advancing age, especially in the Northeast. This study adopts qualitative research methods to analyze the overall status and problems of China’s LTCI policy pilots. Taking four LTCI pilot cities in three northeastern provinces as samples, we used purposive sampling to recruit 10 beneficiaries and providers of LTCI in nursing homes of different kinds, as well as 2 operators (Medical Insurance Bureau staff) for semi-structured in-depth interviews. We developed a social welfare policy analysis framework based on Gilbert’s framework, designed interview outlines and conducted a thematic analysis of the interview data along five dimensions: allocation base, type of provision, delivery strategy, finance mode, and external environment. The results of the research indicate that the coverage of the system is narrow and that disability assessment criteria are fragmented; that the substance of service provision is lacking, both in terms of precision and dynamic adjustment mechanisms; that socialized care synergy cannot be achieved, informal care lacking policy support; that there is an over-reliance on medical insurance funds and that unfair financing standards are applied; and that economic and social development is insufficient to cope with ageing needs and uncertain risks. Accordingly, this research proposes several optimization options to promote the full establishment of LTCI. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Protected areas constitute a global strategic resource for enhancing the effectiveness of ecological protection, which can alleviate the impact of unsustainable human production and living activities on the ecological environment. However, the spatiotemporal evolution of ecological protection effectiveness needs to be quantitatively revealed. The net primary productivity (NPP) of plants is an important measure of the effectiveness of ecological protection efforts. The main purpose of this study is to use the relative change in the annual average NPP to evaluate the ecological protection effectiveness of protected areas. We compared the historical changes in the annual average NPP of protected areas in Sichuan Province from 2000 to 2019. We added the spatial coordinates to the impact factor system and adopted propensity score matching (PSM) in a quasi-natural experimental method to determine the experimental group and the control group. The ecological protection effectiveness of the protected areas in the study area in 2000, 2005, 2010, 2015, and 2019 was measured and classified into three types of changes in protection effectiveness, namely effective, ineffective, or fluctuating. According to the administrative level, type, and spatial distribution, we determined the number and type of changes in the protection effectiveness of different protected areas. The results show that the annual average NPP of the protected areas in Sichuan Province generally fluctuated. The annual average NPP increased in 95.47% of the total protected area and decreased in 4.53%. The overall protection effectiveness of protected areas was positive and significant and gradually improved. Effective protected areas at the national, provincial, and county levels accounted for 40.27% of the total number of protected areas, and the other 14.77% of effective protected area was managed at other administrative levels. Among the different types of protected areas, the proportion of effective protected areas was highest in wild animal protected areas, followed by forest ecology protected areas, wild plant protected areas, and wetland ecology protected areas. The results of this study can provide an important reference for the verification and improvement of the ecological protection effectiveness of various protected areas. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper considers the changing nature of internationalisation in higher education in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and how this change has required institutions to strengthen the case for internationalisation by linking it more explicitly to institutional purpose. It argues that this development requires institutions to formulate approaches to internationalisation that are explicitly linked to vision and mission statements, that often directly cite the support and development of society in general and local communities specifically, as strategic institutional priorities. In turn, this requires an examination of how internationalisation is addressed in strategic statements and the implications for practical delivery. The paper is underpinned by the authors' understanding of the nature and operation of institutions of higher education which is exemplified by the MARS model. It briefly describes this model and argues that within it, internationalisation activities should be seen as a transversal theme, which affects all operations of the institution in a coordinated matter, rather than an isolated or “exceptional” activity which can be allocated exclusively to specialised units such as the International Office—termed “exceptionalism”. Exploring this theme further, the paper sets out how internationalisation should be embedded into all aspects of institutional operations in a way that is consistent with the hierarchy of priorities set out in the MARS model. A case study from Latin America in which this approach was adopted is presented in which some of the practical implications are considered. The paper concludes by exploring the implications of these outcomes and the potential for, and the nature of, future applications of the MARS model to the development and delivery of re-imagined internationalisation strategies in the post-COVID-19 world. © 2022 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The implementation of the virtual water strategy (VWS) transporting invisible water resources through product scheduling faces resistance due to limited reporting and understanding and the lack of motivation analysis for stakeholders. This study builds a semi-quantitative Hotelling game model under different scenarios to analyse the influence of preference and material benefits on potential acceptance of VWS with policymakers and stakeholders. Equilibrium analyses of the game show that human preference can be as important as real benefits. With preference differences, it is hard to make all stakeholders accept or reject a VWS approach in achieving optimal results for environment and social welfare. To implement a sustainable VWS mode, modifying preferences through propaganda and education can be effective. The natural play of the game with modified preferences will ultimately favour a holistic VWS approach to responsible management. This model supports the effectiveness of game theory in the implementation of a VWS. © 2021 CIWEM.
Transport infrastructure investments must be linked to the public transport demand strategically. User behavior and decision-making process bring several possible alternative transportation options due to a series of factors that define it. Municipalities must manage these factors to promote equal and sustainable transport solutions through urban infrastructure, public transport competitiveness, and attractiveness, and fossil fuels use and pricing policy. The research objective is to determine these factors to monitor and use them for citizens’ benefit by means of analytical tools and methods to gain a superior knowledge of reality with a focus on improving investments and services in an agile and efficient manner. Methodologically, the number of passengers of main Curitiba’s (Brazil) bus rapid transit (BRT) lines is operated in two linear regression models combined with the number of private vehicles, public transport fare, and fuel price for the period between January/2010 and December/2019. Research analysis indicates direct causal relationships between the studied factors and that the necessary data for decision-making is available in the government information systems. In conclusion, urban management and strategic digital city project can be more balanced and assertive in transport infrastructure investments and citizen services provision. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Montesinho Natural Park is one of the largest Portuguese natural protected areas, pre-senting good biodiversity and a cultural heritage with a strong connection to the territory and its people. It constitutes a low-density territory, characterized by a human and social landscape based on community practices, such as joint aid and the community use of goods and means of agricultural production, which have contributed to the construction of the “transmontana” identity and to the richness of the habitats. The promotion of the sustainable development of this low-density rural region demands the understanding of its specificities and an appropriate approach to grasp its challenges and develop effective management tools, allowing to preserve and exploit the region’s potential from various perspectives. The purpose of this article is to develop an analytical model using a literature review and a survey of the region’s specificities. This analytical model intends to provide the basis for designing and assessing sustainable development solutions, increasing local entrepreneurship and community empowerment through regional dynamism, with a focus on environment and heritage preservation, universal tourism accessibility, collective memory and endogenous product development. The suggested model adopts an interdisciplinary perspective and stresses that, in order to ensure that the new initiatives will contribute to the territory’s sustainable development, they should be scrutinized by asking four main questions: Is the initiative promoting the rural development of the territory through the creation of synergies between agroforestry and tourism activities? Is the initiative promoting an inclusive and sustainable tourism that is based on the territory’s resources? Are heritage and collective memory being preserved and valued through the initiative? Is the initiative promoting the empowerment of local communities?. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: The garments/textiles industry is the second most polluting industry in the world. However, efforts to understand and curtail its adverse environmental impacts have not been commensurate, and previous works have largely been fragmented and disjointed. This study aims to coduct a comprehensive and systematic green supply chain management (GSCM) investigation on this industry, where a multidimensional framework involving green supply chain practices and performance is developed, validated and applied. Design/methodology/approach: A framework consisting of 12 constructs (8 on practices and 4 on performance) and their underlying measures were developed through an extensive literature review. A survey methodology was used to obtain responses from 403 garment-manufacturing firms in Bangladesh, one of the leading garment producers in the world. Confirmatory factor analysis and structural equation modeling were used first to validate the first- and second-order constructs and then test the hypothesized relationships. Findings: Internal environmental management and cooperation with stakeholders were identified as necessary precursors for implementing the second-order green supply chain practices comprising green design, green purchasing, green manufacturing, green transportation, green facilities and end-of-life management. The implementation of green supply chain practices was found to have a (direct) positive impact on environmental, economic and operational performance and an indirect positive impact on organizational performance. Similarly, both economic and operational performance was found to impact organizational performance positively. Surprisingly, a negative relationship (albeit low) was observed between environmental and organizational performance. Also, garment-manufacturing firms were found to have been unable to translate their IEM capabilities into strategic and long-term cooperation with stakeholders. Research limitations/implications: The study fills a gap in the literature about applying/implementing GSCM in the garment industry. Future studies in the garment industry and elsewhere could utilize the framework to understand further the synergistic impact of green supply chain practices on performance. Practical implications: The findings provide practitioners, policymakers and organizations associated with the garment industry with critical insights on the various opportunities and challenges in adopting GSCM. Also, the positive impact of green supply chain practices on performance could provide the impetus for manufacturing firms to adopt GSCM. Originality/value: A comprehensive GSCM investigation on the garment industry has not been previously attempted and constitutes the novelty of this work. Also, Bangladesh is the second-largest garment exporter worldwide, making this study contribution even more valuable. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Due to substantial demand of expansion and application of distributed generations and energy storage systems (ESSs), the operation of microgrids (MGs) has become more flexible but more complicated with the role of active network loads. To deploying these potentials of MGs, in this paper, a novel demand side management (DSM) method based on the game theory with an effective payoff function is developed in a scrutinized manner. In order to be more compatible with reality, the interactions between some MGs are optimized in an electricity market environment using an evolutionary method. To implement this model, in the first step, each microgrid operator (MGO) tries to maximize its benefit considering the payoff function in an iterative process deploying the proposed game theory method. In this step, a new strategy is reconciled to DSM and its payoff function to reach the Nash equilibrium, effectively. The aggregated load demand of MGs will be participated in market mechanism by MGO through a Gray Wolf Algorithm (GWA) to maximize the MGO's profit. The results confirm the compatibility between DSM and game theory to find the Nash equilibrium point. Furthermore, the price-maker strategy makes more profit compared to price-taker one form the MGO point of view. © 2022
Climate change adaptation is a key shared endeavour of our time. In Thai Binh Province of Vietnam, rice farmers have been adapting to environmental change for generations and have developed sophisticated strategies of paying attention to non-human entities. Such strategies stand in stark contrast to modernist, developmentalist climate change adaptation interventions prioritising mastery and control over the environment. In this article, we think about farmers and other species ‘surviving well’ in the context of climate change adaptation in Thai Binh. We examine the strategies for adaptation already present and the implications of such strategies for climate change adaptation approaches in Vietnam and further afield. We argue that local practices of listening to non-human entities and imagining them as kin can challenge modernist developmentalist approaches to adaptation, providing innovative locally appropriate adaptations. Beyond this, such practices can lead the way in developing non-exploitative and mutually beneficial relationships in ‘more-than-human’ ecological communities for long-term survival. © 2022 Victoria University of Wellington and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Purpose: The aim of this study is to explore the drivers of the evolution of a subsidiary’s strategic role from an ordinary subsidiary into a springboard subsidiary in multinational corporations, paying special attention to the role of subsidiary management in this transformation. Design/methodology/approach: The authors apply a case study methodology to analyse the transformation of three Spanish subsidiaries of European multinational companies into springboard subsidiaries to pursue opportunities in the Latin American region. Findings: The results present evidence that the development of a springboard subsidiary’s role is influenced by a set of preliminary factors that include: (1) the coincidence of a favourable economic change in the target region of expansion and unfavourable market conditions in the springboard subsidiary’s home market; (2) location-specific advantages of a subsidiary that allow it to develop unique capabilities, such as the ability to reduce the psychic distance between the headquarters and target region, to balance intra-regional conflicts within the target region, and to effectively transfer knowledge from the headquarters to the target region; and (3) micro-political headquarters-subsidiary negotiation processes as a result of the subsidiary’s strong initiative, peculiarities of the structure of a multinational company, and a strong dependency of the headquarters on the subsidiary’s unique capabilities. Originality/value: The study contributes to the International Business literature by providing an in-depth analysis of the evolution of springboard subsidiaries and explaining how ordinary subsidiaries located in saturated markets can trigger organisational change and achieve the extension of their strategic role. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Homeownership provides shelter and is a vital component of wealth, and house purchase signifies a lifetime achievement for many households. For South Africa confronted with social and structural challenges, homeownership by the low and lower middle-income household is pivotal for its structural transformation process. In spite of these potential benefits, research on the affordable housing market in the context of South Africa is limited. This study aims to contribute to this knowledge gap by answering the question “do changes in household income per capita have a symmetric or asymmetric effect on affordable house prices?” Design/methodology/approach: A survey of the international literature on house prices and income revealed that linear modelling that assumes symmetric reaction of macroeconomic variables dominates the empirical strategy. This linearity assumption is restrictive and fails to capture possible asymmetric dynamics inherent in the housing market. The authors address this empirical limitation by using asymmetric non-linear autoregressive distributed lag models that can test and detect the existence of asymmetry in both the long and short run using data from 1985Q1 to 2016Q3. Findings: The results revealed the presence of an asymmetric long-run relationship between affordable house prices and household income per capita. The estimated asymmetric long-run coefficients of logIncome[+] and logIncome[−] are 1.080 and −4.354, respectively, implying that a 1% increase/decrease in household income per capita induces a 1.08% rise/4.35% decline in affordable house prices everything being equal. The positive increase in affordable house prices creates wealth, helps low and middle-income household climb the property ladder and can reduce inequality, which provides support for the country’s structural transformation process. Conversely, a decline in affordable house prices tends to reduce wealth and widen inequality. Practical implications: This paper recommends both supply- and demand-side policies to support affordable housing development. Supply-side stimulants should include incentives to attract developers to affordable markets such as municipal serviced land and tax credit. Demand-side policy should focus on asset-based welfare policy; for example, the current Finance Linked Income Subsidy Programme (FLISP). Efficient management and coordination of the FLISP are essential to enhance the affordability of first-time buyers. Given the enormous size of the affordable property market, the practice of mortgage securitization by financial institutions should be monitored, as a persistent decline in income can trigger a systemic risk to the economy. Social implications: The study results illustrate the importance of homeownership by low- and middle-income households and that the development of the affordable market segment can boost wealth creation and reduce residential segregation. This, in turn, provides support to the country’s structural transformation process. Originality/value: The affordable housing market in South Africa is of strategic importance to the economy, accounting for 71.4% of all residential properties. Homeownership by low and lower middle-income households creates wealth, reduces wealth inequality and improves revenue collection for local governments. This paper contributes to the empirical literature by modelling the asymmetric behaviour of affordable house prices to changes in household income per capita and other macroeconomic fundamentals. Based on available evidence, this is the first attempt to examine the dynamic asymmetry between affordable house prices and household income per capita in South Africa. © 2021, Anthanasius Fomum Tita and Pieter Opperman.
The paper presents a control system for the management of operation of the low-voltage (LV) networks with a large number of renewable energy sources (RES) connected in prosumer's installations. The system is aimed to reduce power congestion and regulate voltage in individual phases of the network nodes. The applied strategy assumes using controllable energy sources and energy storage systems (ESS) located in prosumers’ installations and performing local energy management, on the basis of ancillary services. The ESSs and RESs reactive and active powers are used as control measures with the reactive power as a priority. The system strategy and control algorithms for the voltage and power regulation are described in the paper. Then, the authors present the results of simulations which were performed using the model of a real LV network with prosumer installations. Simulation results proved that the system is effective and the use of prosumers’ ESS capacities for regulation purposes is minimized. Finally, the developed system was verified experimentally at the Laboratory of Distributed Generation at Lodz University of Technology, using the Real Time Digital Simulator and the Hardware-in-the-Loop method. Conclusions found are that the proposed system can successfully solve operational problems in LV networks with high penetration of RES without the need of network reinforcement or use additional regulatory devices. The strategy based on the concept of ancillary services encourages prosumers to actively influence the network operation for benefits of prosumers, consumers and the network operator. © 2022 The Authors
Solidification/stabilization (S/S) of acid waste using Ordinary Portland Cement (OPC) is widely implemented, but, due to the impact on climate change, alternative methods are being investigated. In this work, first, the feasibility of using coal fly-ash/clay-based geopolymers for the S/S of Zn plant residues (ZPR), Cadmium Sponge (CS), and Anode Mud (AM) is proposed as a treatment prior to disposal in landfills. Different variables, such as the type of processing, molding (as-received waste), and pressing (dried waste), and activators, a commercial and an alternative residual sodium carbonate, have been studied. The technical and environmental assessments of the S/S process by means of compressive strength and the leaching of critical pollutants have been monitored. Immobilization efficiencies of Cd and Zn higher than 99% have been obtained by dosing 50% of the acid waste, 6 M NaOH solution (20 min contact time), cured at 75◦C (48 h) and at room temperature (28 days), achieving in the leachates pH values of 7 to 10 and [Cd] and [Zn] < 1 and 2.5 mg/kg, respectively. However, alkaline activation increases As leaching, mainly associated with the clay. Secondly, removing clay from the geopolymer formulation, the optimization of geopolymer parameters, acid waste/geopolymer ratio, liquid/solid ratio, and NaOH molar concentration enables obtaining a significant reduction in the release of As and Cd, and Zn is kept at acceptable values that meet the non-hazardous waste landfill disposal limits for the S/S of both acid wastes. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper examines a sustainable supplier’s price discount strategy in a competitive environment as it considers building a two-level supply chain system consisting of two suppliers and a single retailer under the condition of uncertain demand, and investigates the impact of the suppliers’ price discount strategy on the retailer’s expected profits. We find that the sustainable supplier’s expected profit increases as the price discount increases. When only the sustainable supplier offers a discount, the retailer’s purchasing cost will increase with the degree of the discount; when both suppliers provide a discount, the sustainable supplier’s expected profit decreases as the price discount increases, while the retailer’s purchasing cost will decrease. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Solar energy is abundant, and technological advances have made solar energy systems more affordable than ever before. Using photovoltaic (PV) systems could significantly reduce our reliance on fossil fuels, and facilitate sustainable energy uses. Solar power utilities, such as self-compacting disposal bins could be used to enhance waste management processes. This is particularly important in Canada, where $3.3 billion was spent on waste management systems in 2016. In this study, solar irradiance and climatic conditions at eight locations on a University campus in Regina, Saskatchewan, are studied. Results suggest that solar utilities with automatically adjusting PV receivers could increase energy capture between 18.7 – 27.5%. Temporally, solar irradiance was similar in June and July, but lower in August. Statistical analysis found that some locations tended to be more susceptible to shadow effects. The results highlight the importance of spatial allocations of these small smart disposal bin systems. Regression analysis found that temperature was the most significant factor when relating climate to solar irradiance. The use of smart disposal bins fits well with the University’s 2020–2025 Strategic Plan of reduction in ecological footprint. © The Author(s) 2021.
Release of petroleum hydrocarbon pollutants poses a serious problem to the terrestrial as well as marine ecosystem. This study investigated and compared the potency of different biodegradation strategies for mitigating total petroleum hydrocarbon (TPH) of petroleum refinery sludge by an integrated action of bioaugmentation and biostimulation vis-à-vis separate bioaugmentation and biostimulation approaches. The implementation of a concomitant bioaugmentation-biostimulation strategy (BABSS) involving the indigenously developed bacterial consortium and poultry litter extract showed the best performance by mitigating the TPH up to 90.3 ± 3.7% in 21 days. The GC-FID analysis confirmed the efficacy of different TPH degradation strategies. The kinetic study of TPH degradation of BABSS resulted first-order with rate 0.11 day−1. Thus, the BABSS proved to be more efficient in degrading TPH in an eco-friendly manner and hence, may pave the way for better management of petroleum hydrocarbon pollutants, while providing a sustainable solution to the disposal of poultry wastes. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Purpose: While advances in big data analytics (BDA) provide valuable business insights and immense business value, many firms find it difficult to gain advantage from their BDA initiatives. Noting the strategic role of firm-specific knowledge, we develop a framework examining the relation between firm specificity of BDA knowledge and competitive advantage. We also examine the dynamic evolution of BDA capabilities and the associated knowledge management strategies. Design/methodology/approach: We review the resource-based view (RBV), capabilities life cycles and absorptive capacity perspectives along with the literature on BDA competitive advantage. Identifying two key BDA factors, application customization and data proprietorship, we develop a BDA competitive advantage framework. We also investigate the absorptive capacities employed by firms to advance their BDA capabilities. We use anecdotal cases to support our theoretical arguments. Findings: We propose that BDA solutions with vendor-based applications (noncustomized) and public data will not generate firm-specific knowledge and therefore not provide competitive advantage. In contrast, BDA solutions with custom applications and proprietary data will provide high-level firm-specific knowledge and potentially result in sustained competitive advantage. We further suggest the relevant absorptive capacities and the knowledge management strategies for BDA capability development. Practical implications: Our framework provides managers with insights into how to develop and enhance firm-specific knowledge from their BDA solutions to gain competitive advantage. Originality/value: Our study offers a new BDA firm-specific knowledge framework for competitive advantage. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of organizational culture on strategic planning and the role of leadership effectiveness in the association between organizational culture and strategic planning in Indian nonprofit organizations (NPOs). Design/methodology/approach: Data were collected from 441 respondents using a structured questionnaire. Common method bias was addressed through the use of multiple surveys. Structural equation modeling was used to process the data. Findings: Advice-seeking interactions, collaborative culture and an error management culture positively impacted the creation and conceptualization of strategic plans in Indian NPOs. An error aversion culture did not significantly impact the creation and conceptualization of strategic plans. Leadership effectiveness moderated the relationship between “advice-seeking interactions” and the “creation and conceptualization” of the strategic plan, a “collaborative culture” and the “creation and conceptualization” of the strategic plan and an “error management culture” and the “creation and conceptualization” of the strategic plan. Originality/value: Strategic management literature on the determinants of the creation and conceptualization of strategic plans is scant. Further, it does not include the influence of cultural constructs such as advice-seeking interaction (ASI), collaborative culture (CC), error management culture (EMC), error aversion culture (EAC) on the creation and conceptualization of strategic plans. This study extends the debate on the culture–strategy nexus to help practitioners understand the importance of organizational culture (advice-seeking interaction, collaborative culture, error management culture, error aversion culture) in creating strategic plans. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Corporate Portfolio Management tools are widely used by corporations since the 1970s but have received limited academic attention in the last few decades. This paper aims to add to the existing literature on the topic and illustrate how Corporate Portfolio Management tools can be effectively used in practice to rebalance a corporate portfolio and turn a business around, through the analysis of Credit Suisse’s successful corporate transformation in the period 2015-2019. It covers the decision-making process and strategic reorientation decisions of Credit Suisse, offering an interesting blueprint for similar corporate portfolio turnarounds, particularly in the financial services industry. © 2022 Universidad Politecnica de Madrid. All rights reserved.
Purpose: There is an increasingly growing interest in treading beyond the traditional university goals of teaching and research to focus on their contribution to society through knowledge transfer (KT) performance activities. This paper aims to determine how performance management systems (PMSs) encourage lecturers to engage in the transfer of knowledge from higher education institutions (HEIs) to society. Design/methodology/approach: This study is based on a sample of 3,812 Spanish university lecturers surveyed about different PMS tools – strategic plans, budgeting, meetings and reward systems – and different KT activities – research and development contracts, patents, extended patents, licenses, services and spin-offs – for the 2011–2016 period. A logit model was applied for the statistical analyzes. Findings: As expected, enabling the use of these tools generally increases the probability of producing KT while only in some cases does coercive use reduce it. Moreover, combining enabling and coercive uses does not increase the likelihood of KT performance. Practical implications: University policymakers and managers should reduce the gap between KT and research and teaching by, for example, examining the effects of their performance management practices on scholars’ perceptions and their subsequent behavior. Originality/value: Despite previous literature states that coercive use decreases performance, the authors reveal that this is not the case for KT performance in HEIs. According to the findings, a specific record of KT, i.e. a coercive strategic plan tool, has a consistently positive effect on all four KT activities as follows: R&D contracts, patents, extended patents and licenses. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The effects of land use and socioeconomic changes on urban landscape patterns and functional zones have been increasingly investigated around the world; however, our knowledge on these effects is still inadequate for sustainably managing urban ecosystems. The urban functional zone (UFZ) refers to a kind of regional space that provides specific functions for human activities and reflects the land use type in a city. They are important for urban planning and exploring urban texture dynamics. UFZs improve understanding of sustainable development for urban ecosystems with extreme environments and unique social backgrounds. However, the identification methods for UFZs are incomplete because of a lack of socioeconomic attributes, as well as their hierarchical relations. Here, we present a hierarchical weighted clustering model to identify UFZs based on the entropy weight method. The data included points of interest (POIs), land use type data, road network data, socioeconomic data, and population density. We found that the adjusted cosine metric and the average criterion were the optimal distance metric and linkage strategy, respectively, to cluster urban zone data. The performance with weighted data was better than that with raw data, and the level of the POI classification scheme and landscape pattern affected the accuracy of identification UFZs. The research indicated that the hierarchical weighted clustering model was a useful method to classify UFZs in order to improve urban planning and environmental management schemes. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In 2016, the Thai government established a new Act, the Nuclear Energy for Peace Act. As a result, various regulations, requirements, and guidelines regarding radioactive waste (RW) management were established under the Act. The waste management activities conducted by the waste operator were carefully reviewed and demonstrated regulatory compliance. The operator can deal with the waste that currently exists. However, to maintain continuity for the safe and sustainable management of the waste, it is necessary to overcome various challenges, such as the decommissioning of the disused facilities that will be released from regulatory control. The contaminated metals require special attention, because they are increasing rapidly. The use of melting treatment technology and the monitoring of the radioactive contamination in materials might be a solution to reduce the quantities of these metals. The presence of cesium-137 (Cs-137) contaminated dust from steel production factories is a concern due to the large volume. No decision on the management of the dust has been made. However, researchers are now carrying out experiments to determine methods to deal with it. In addition, the operator should consider important issues, such as the development of an additional storage facility to support the decommissioning of waste and the dust waste, and the reuse and recycling of disused sealed radioactive sources (DSRS). This paper will discuss the aspects of waste disposal, the strategic plans that deal with the challenges, and naturally occurring radioactive materials (NORMs).  © 2022 American Society of Civil Engineers.
This research aimed to analyze the role and implications of big data on strategic management accounting practices in the manufacturing industry. The research was conducted in Shah Alam, Selangor, Malaysia. This research used a qualitative approach, with data being gathered through in-depth interviews, observations, and the review of documents. The interviews revealed that big data facilitates and improves the implementation of strategic management accounting practices on competitors’ and customers’ analyses and costing by streamlining the analysis process, decreasing time spent searching for data, increasing data accuracy, and assisting in the decision-making process, which leads to better forecasts and improved company profitability. This conclusion was further confirmed by content analysis of the documents reviewed. The study contributes to the literature on strategic management accounting and big data, with a focus on the manufacturing industry. Additionally, the findings of this study indicate that strategic management accounting is the key source of acceptable and pertinent information for management at all levels. The implications arising from this research affect both practitioners and researchers concerning the importance of incorporating big data into strategic management accounting processes in order to enhance analysis and provide a better outcome. © 2022, Universiti Teknologi Mara. All rights reserved.
Although street trees take up carbon by vegetation growth, they emit carbon directly or indirectly into the atmosphere due to the need for regular management, such as pruning and, irrigation, etc. This study estimates the annual carbon budget from the growth and management of urban street trees in South Korea and suggests management strategies to minimize the degree of management and annual carbon emissions. Annual carbon emissions from management practices such as pruning, irrigation, pesticide and fungicide application, and fertilization were estimated based on maintenance data, interviews with managers, and actual measurements. Annual carbon emissions from the management of urban street trees were calculated to be 2.4 kg/tree/year. From this total, pruning was the largest contributor at 91%. The average net carbon uptake for each street tree was 5.5 kg/tree/year. The street trees included in this study played an important role in carbon uptake, which was equivalent to 90-550% of the annual carbon emissions from street tree management. Based on these results, suggested management strategies include pruning, irrigation, pesticide and fungicide application, and fertilization. These study results will be useful for designing practical low-carbon landscapes with minimal management and carbon emissions. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Selecting the efficiency of the technologies and reasonable strategies to ensure compliance with stricter international regulations on ballast water are issues that need to be focused on. Particularly, in a period of economic decline, these auxiliary costs due to the regulation enforcement may be a significant burden for vessel operators, especially those with old vessels, where the maintenance costs are high. Because of these new limitations on marine transport, which has been regarded as a more eco-friendly alternative than other forms of transportation, maritime policymakers in each country may need to take prudence in making policy decisions. Nevertheless, few studies have evaluated the existing alternatives that can decrease the invasion risk due to ballast water release, and fewer have developed a general system for determining the optimal technology. Accordingly, in this study, an empirical analysis focusing on the alternatives of ballast treatment systems considered by Korean shipping companies is performed. As the main approach, surveys and interviews are conducted to examine how Korean shipping companies’ real response directions help cope with the International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships’ Ballast Water and Sediments. The results indicate that, among 15 sub-criteria of considerations for response by Korean shipping companies, approval is the most considerable factor. In addition, through the description analysis of Korean shipping companies, a difference in the recognition and response direction according to firm size and vessels’ age was observed. This study's findings provides valuable suggestions for designing government policies for the shipping industry's ballast water management. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Sustainable development systems (SDSs) contribute greatly to the global efforts toward climate change mitigation. The strategic planning and prioritization of various SDSs require multi-sectoral integrated assessment to ensure sustainability goals are effectively met. This research establishes a systematic integrated framework to assess selected state-of-the-art SDSs in three carbon-intensive sectors: transportation, waste management, and energy production. Multiple sustainable development scenarios were included based on: (1) electrified/intelligent transportation (EV/ITS), (2) waste-to-energy (WTE), and (3) renewable energy sources (RES). The proposed cost-integrated environmental assessment was applied on the case of Dubai which has some of the world highest per capita records of carbon footprint, energy demand, and waste generation. It was found that WTE systems were the most economically viable with required investments of around 8–20 USD/tCO2e-reduced, compared to 50–600 and 600–1500 USD/tCO2e-reduced with RES and EV/ITS strategies, respectively. The implementation of the optimum multi-sectoral plan, comprising autonomous vehicles, waste incineration, and concentrated solar towers, would achieve around 38% of the national target for carbon reduction in Dubai. The proposed methodology is applicable to other metropolises, particularly where there is limited local data and previous experiences with such sustainable systems. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
Research has demonstrated how ignorance is made, manipulated and called upon; how it is the result of strategies, activities and structures. This article extends the literature on ignorance by exploring actors’ own explanations of their self-inflicted ignorance following acts of ignoring. By means of a case analysis, we explore how actors explain and justify ignoring data they themselves produced. We provide a multifaceted model of how ignoring actors’ own rationales, facilitated by contextual conditions, enables persistent acts of ignoring the content and dysfunction of collectively upheld systems. We contribute to the understanding of ignorance by demonstrating how self-inflicted ignorance is made possible by the combination of ignoring rationales and their facilitators, which configures buffers against knowledge-seeking efforts. © The Author(s) 2021.
University-industry collaboration now extends beyond traditional intermediary structures and logics, enabled by more contemporary virtual networks and digital formats. This however poses new strategic and operational challenges for effective and responsive knowledge transfer. The purpose of this paper is to compare traditional models of knowledge transfer intermediaries in university-industry collaboration with emerging, virtual (network-based) and digital intermediaries by exploring their structures (thus institutional logics) and their services (their agency). We synthesise literature to form a comprehensive analytical framework to assess the structure and agency of twenty international knowledge transfer intermediaries from around the world. Further running a cluster analysis using multiple correspondence analysis method and following its results we propose a unique combination of institutional logic and bounded rationality lenses, which allowed us to identify four types of knowledge transfer intermediaries: rigid, rigid-unbounded, agent-bounded and agile. Our unique framework contributes to existing knowledge focused on traditional forms of knowledge transfer intermediaries, by identifying and positing institutional logics for emerging contemporary virtual and digital intermediaries in university-industry collaboration. © 2022 The Author(s)
This article investigates an early case of the institutionalization of insecurity by examining labor-management struggles over capital mobility at the General Electric Company (GE) in Schenectady, NY during the 1950s and 1960s. During this period, GE expanded production in the US South and Southwest, reducing employment in Northern plant communities. In the union stronghold of Schenectady, GE's strategic use of the emergent 'business climate' concept undermined union power to resist employment restructuring by reshaping the local politics of employment security: it mobilized community actors against labor's framing of the problem and enhanced the Company's ability to present its position as non-political or disinterested, which aided its operation of symbolic power. This article advances our understanding of the sources of legitimacy in claims-making and shows how cultural processes can contribute to change in the distribution of workplace rewards.  © The Author(s) 2021.
Water resource is an important foundation to support industrial and agricultural production, in the maintenance of national energy security role is irreplaceable. Water conservation and the effective use of water resources are essential for achieving sustainable development in China. The construction of water-saving society is a prerequisite for realizing efficient utilization of water resources and an important strategic development for moving towards environment-friendly society. This study established an index system to evaluate the implementation of water-saving measures in Xiangtan, Hunan province, China. The index system incorporated five aspects: (1) comprehensiveness; (2) agricultural water; (3) industrial water; (4) domestic water, and; (5) aquatic ecology and environmental management. Analytic hierarchy (AH) was used to determine the weights of indices, and AH was integrated with grey relative analysis to establish a comprehensive system for the evaluation of the water-saving measures in Xiangtan. The results showed that the implementation of water-saving measures in Xiangtan is generally progressing well. However, industrial added value water consumption per 10,000-yuan remains at the primary stage and wastewater reuse remains limited. In addition, water use per 10,000-yuan gross domestic product, the coverage of water-saving irrigation projects, industrial wastewater reuse, and the leakage rate of urban water supply network remain at an intermediate stage. The result of this study can scientifically reflect the level of the water-saving measures in place in Xiangtan and could guide future implementation of water saving measures in Xiangtan and in other cities. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
A severe outbreak of wildfire across the US Pacific Coast during August 2020 led to persistent fire activity through the end of summer. In late September, Fire Weather Outlooks predicted higher than usual fire activity into the winter in parts of California, with concomitant elevated fire danger in the Southeastern US. To help inform the regional and national allocation of firefighting personnel and equipment, we developed visualizations of resource use during recent late season, high-demand analogs. Our visualizations provided an overview of the crew, engine, dozer, aerial resource, and incident management team usage by geographic area. While these visualizations afforded information that managers needed to support their decisions regarding resource allocation, they also revealed a potentially significant gap between resource demand and late-season availability that is only likely to increase over time due to lengthening fire seasons. This gap highlights the need for the increased assessment of suppression resource acquisition and allocation systems that, to date, have been poorly studied. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Aquaculture recently became the main source of global seafood production and many countries, including the United States, see potential in marine aquaculture to sustainably fill growing demand. The U.S. supports the majority of its seafood consumption through imports, and therefore identifying bottlenecks to domestic aquaculture growth is a priority at the federal and state level. Yet, one critical aspect that appears not yet addressed is the quality and accessibility of marine aquaculture data. In this study we conducted the first multi-state synthesis and comparison of the most comprehensive suite of species, volume, and value information on U.S. marine aquaculture over time, across the 23 marine coastal states. Using publicly available data sources from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), state-level solicited data that we aggregated, and data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), we found strong evidence that marine aquaculture has played an increasingly important role in marine coastal states, but also uncovered numerous data gaps and discrepancies between and within these sources. In particular, we found a dearth of volumetric data and millions in missing value (USD$). We found U.S. marine aquaculture is likely much more diverse, abundant and valuable than is currently reported, but the main sources of error in any given state remain unclear. We recommend U.S. state governments adopt a standardized, digital and annual data collection program, such as the NOAA Fisheries Information Networks. Better strategic aquaculture planning, management, and research depend on accurate data, and existing digital data infrastructures provide strong opportunities for improvement. © 2022
Rainfall-adapted irrigation (RAI) or supplementary irrigation for rain-fed rice cultivation consumes less amount of irrigation water by harvesting rainfall and thus is vital for sustainable rice (Oryza sativa L.) production in multi-rain areas, including the Jianghan Plain in China. However, nitrogen management strategies influence rice growth and water and nitrogen utilization under RAI remains unclear. Thus, we conducted a two-year (2016 and 2017) field experiment at Jingzhou City, central China to investigate the effects of nitrogen management strategies on grain yield, crop water productivity (CWP), and nitrogen use efficiency (NUE) of rice under conventional flooding irrigation (CF) and RAI. The nitrogen management strategies included local farmers’ nitrogen fertilization (CN), common urea (30% nitrogen) blended with controlled-release nitrogen fertilizer (70% nitrogen) (U+CRF), and optimized nitrogen fertilization (ON), at a nitrogen rate of 180, 180, and 150 kg ha−1, respectively. Compared to the CF condition, RAI down-regulated the numbers of irrigation (−3 in 2016 and −4 in 2017) and reduced the total amount of irrigation water (−41.6% in 2016 and −45.6% in 2017), suggesting that rainfall-adapted irrigation enhanced the rainwater storage capacity and usage. RAI also increased root length, root and shoot biomass, net photosynthetic rate, crop growth rate, nitrogen accumulation, percentage of productive tillers, harvest index, and nitrogen harvest index. The U+CRF and ON increased or maintained these parameters compared with the CN. Compared to the traditional irrigation and nitrogen fertilization pattern (CF interacted with CN), RAI combined with U+CRF or ON enhanced root length and root biomass, and had a relatively high spikelets number per panicle, grains filled percentage, and 1000-grain weight, and thus produced a high grain yield. Moreover, the new treatment reduced amount of irrigation water and improved utilization of nitrogen fertilizer, resulting in a greater CWP and NUE. The enhanced grain yield, CWP, and NUE were associated with the increased root biomass and root length. Therefore, rainfall-adapted irrigation combined with the new nitrogen management (U+CRF or ON) can synergistically increase grain yield and resource use efficiency by improving root growth in rice. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Increasingly, a significant part of the literature on corruption establishes a negative relationship between corruption and economic variables. However, empirical research showing the influence of corruption on renewable energy consumption is useful because of the global interest in achieving a low-carbon and clean environment. In this light, we model a relationship between corruption and renewable energy consumption (% of total final energy consumption) in Africa. Using a panel dataset for 32 African countries covering the period 1996–2019, we first show that perception about corruption is relatively high in Africa. In line with corruption theory, both Generalized Method of Moments and Instrumental Variable estimation techniques are used to establish that corruption is inimical to the share of renewable energy consumption in total final energy consumption in Africa. To investigate the robustness of the results, we disaggregate the sample into high and low environmental performance countries as well as upper and lower-middle-income countries and still find consistent results. Our results call for strategic policies and institutional structures that seek to prevent corruption from further permeating the continent's administrative structures. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
During Covid-19, Human Resources evolved as a pivotal organisational function, able to ensure continuity of the business by balancing demands of employees and business. Concurrently, it ensured operational vitality by navigating the crisis through implementing innovative human resources practices. Human Resources practitioners responded swiftly to the operational, administrative, and strategic challenges posed by the dynamics of external and internal changes. This qualitative and informative research explores the innovative practices implemented by human resources practitioners as a response to past health-pandemics and the Covid-19 crisis. A mix of inductive, deductive, and inductive-deductive thematic analysis was applied to present the findings from the literature review on Human Resources practices during health-pandemics before Covid-19 and during Covid-19 (published in 2020-2021). This study found Human Resources practitioners amongst the first responders to a health-related crisis. During a crisis, the HR role skews towards becoming a responsive change agent sustaining empathy and productivity whilst implementing new policies and practices, redefining the work, workforce, and the workplace in response to the changing external environment. The innovative HR practices implemented during the Covid-19 crisis will offer insights to the Management and HR practitioners, and will further guide the re-invention and championing of creative people management strategies for achieving human capital and organisational resilience. Decision-makers will understand the value of responsive practices at the time of global crisis. © 2022. Transnational Press London. All Rights Reserved.
Risk management is critical for corporate finance management systems, in addition to corporate social responsibility (CSR) and sustainable development (SD) programs. Stakeholders need risk information to make informed judgments as to their involvement. No studies exist to date concerning disclosure of non-financial and financial risks in corporate annual statements and Polish strategic sector company reports. The authors sought to determine whether energy companies disclosed risks in non-financial annual reports in 2011–2020 (e.g., CSR, integrated, and board activity reports), and whether one can assess threats, including business activity risks and SD, based on these reports. We assessed the reports of all large Polish energy companies on a three-and five-degree scale to develop a model for risk information disclosures. We have three key empirical findings. Only half the analysed companies disclose annual financial data, threats, and risks. Less than half have implemented and operate enterprise risk management systems. The current ‘soft’ regulatory solutions give energy companies appreciable risk disclosure options, which often is counterproductive. We suggest developing a single integrated European Union (EU) regulation (e.g., directives, standards, or official principles) for non-financial risk disclosures. Our model classifies Polish energy company risks to business activity operations and risk management systems. Other sectors can use this universal model. Our results constitute progress in identifying company risks and may encourage continuing studies of other energy companies, especially in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), which should be intensively developed. Research should also occur in other strategic sectors. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper studies the channel choice problem in an e-retailing market when a reseller and an agency seller are experimenting with a new format, i.e., a hybrid retailing strategy. Under this strategy, the reseller not only sells products to consumers directly, but also expands the market in collaboration with the agency seller who operates a platform. However, the motivation and effectiveness of this strategy are not clear. Therefore, we develop game-theoretic models to investigate retail and wholesale prices, and the equilibrium channel choice. First, we find that the hybrid retailing strategy results in a higher retail price for the reseller; in contrast, the agency seller prefers to reduce the retail price when the fraction of market demand through the hybrid retailing channel is large. Second, we find that the hybrid retailing strategy can benefit all stakeholders when the fraction of market demand through the hybrid retailing channel is small. Third, under a dual retailing channel with price competition, a reseller and an agency seller are still willing to collaborate through a hybrid retailing strategy, because the cost of market expansion caused by this strategy is partly transferred to the manufacturer. Our results can provide meaningful decision support and operational rules for stakeholders to make strategic retail decisions. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The goals of this study were to identify factors affecting the responses of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the digital economy age, to examine the impact of policy implementation and stakeholders' roles in the promotion of SMEs in the service sector of communitybased tourism (CBT), to analyze the competitiveness of CBT, and to reveal the gap in SMEs' service quality. The research design consisted of both qualitative and quantitative methods. It was found that independent variables, i.e., the strategic management, the decision-making process, the structural contingency, perception, and the SMEs' potential, together in the multiple regression model, could predict dependent variables. Policy actors can be divided into three levels. Politicians are at the national policy level, high-level bureaucrats are at the implementation level, and stakeholders in the community are at the local level. Policy instruments include projects to support SMEs. Local-level actors play a role in promoting SMEs through collaborative public management. The competitiveness analysis of CBT can be divided into five forces: The rivalry of CBT, the threat of new entrants, the threat of substitutes, the bargaining power of suppliers, and the bargaining power of customers. Meanwhile, there are some problems in assuring service quality. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Oliver Williamson's contributions to the theory of the firm were of course seminal. Yet, they were not originally formulated to address the central question in strategic management: Why do some firms persistently outperform others in financial terms? We suggest that when Williamson did address this question, his efforts were not compelling. We also suggest, however, that with suitable adjustments, the key mechanisms in Williamson's theory can indeed usefully address this question.  Copyright © The Author(s), 2021. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of Millennium Economics Ltd..
The best understanding of the geochemical process of groundwater is important for a sustainable development and for a strategic management of water resources. A hydro-geochemical study of groundwater of the Djelfa multilayer aquifers systems was established, using stable isotopes, and major elements, in order to identify the groundwater mineralization process occurring in this system. The chemical data indicate that the dissolution of evaporate minerals (Gypsum, halite, anhydrite) and the evaporation from water table are the principle processes who command the groundwater mineralization. Groundwater samples are depleted in stables isotopes (18O and 2H) reflecting a slug of water recharged during colder climatic conditions, and the recharge was occurred at different altitude. The analysis of the replenishment of aquifer levels shows that the level arises in the replenishment of aquifer and decreases in the depletion of aquifer due to the phenomena of evaporation and to the extensive pumping from wells. Excessive pumping creates a remarkable cone of depression that makes flow direction from syncline to the basin outlet. © 2022, The Author(s).
Although the response of plants to nitrogen (N) in conventional systems has been extensively described in the literature, there is a lack of information available to refine the strategic N fertilisation program required in intercropping systems to match the nutrient supply with crop demands and reduce environmental impacts on greenhouse gas emissions. Therefore, this study aims to investigate the effect of N management on the growth, production, quality, greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) and carbon footprint of a beet-arugula intercropping system during two growing seasons (winter and summer). The efficiency of N fertilisation in each season was assessed by the supply of 20 N doses, varying the amounts applied at planting and as a side dressing (0–80, 0–120, 0–160, 0–200, 0–240, 20–80, 20–120, 20–160, 20–200, 20–240, 40–80, 40–120, 40–160, 40–200, 40–240, 60–80, 60–120,60–160, 60–200 and 60–240 kg N ha−1). GHG emissions and carbon footprint were calculated and converted to CO2 equivalent (CO2 eq) utilising IPCC methodology. The height, total and marketable productivities of beet plants were 33, 31 and 34% higher in winter than in summer, respectively. Arugula plants achieved the highest performance (height, fresh mass and yield) in summer. Considering the environmental impact on global warming/climate change caused by the use of N fertilisers, total GHG emissions may range from 1723.9 to 3369.8 kg CO2eq ha−1 cycle−1 according to the N dose applied. However, based on the carbon footprint, the application of 60–120 kg N ha−1 at planting and as side dressing was the best N dose, since it reduced the carbon footprint (equivalent to 0.134 g CO2eq kcal−1 vegetables) without compromising crop yield. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Potential negative artificial selection on horn size is a concern for many harvested ungulates. The mountain goat (Oreamnos americanus) has distinct black horns, but targeting animals based on horn size in the field can be challenging. We analyzed over 23,000 horn records that included base circumference and total length, from which we also derived horn volume, from mountain goats harvested in Alaska, British Columbia, and the Northwest Territories from 1980 to 2016. We tested 3 potential drivers of horn size variation: geographical location, environmental conditions, and artificial selection. We found no support for a latitudinal effect with surprisingly little variation across the sampling distribution. The Pacific Decadal Oscillation had the largest effect outside age in the model, suggesting a role of climate in shaping variation. Mountain goats harvested closer to roads had larger horns, indicating that ease of access might allow hunters to be more selective, though the effect size was small. Our findings reinforce the value of accurate and complete record keeping on horn size, age, and sex of harvested animals, and highlight the importance of explicitly considering climate and accessibility when devising management strategies for the mountain goat. © 2022 The Wildlife Society
Water quality management is critical for the preservation of freshwater resources in semi-arid and arid areas, which are necessary for long-term development. Local authorities and water resource managers can allocate resources for potable or agricultural needs based on the quality of water in various places. A total of 14 water samples were collected and examined in this study. Microbiological, chemical and physical analyses were considered as important indicators for assessing water quality. Physical, chemical, and microbiological data were measured and evaluated as essential markers for determining water quality. A comparison was made between these characteristics and the King Saudi Water Standard (GSO149/2014). According to the findings, results of infiltration pond and Tabla Dam manifest the anthropogenic activities and natural influences of the greatest impact on water quality. Therefore, a reliable assessment approach for assessing water quality is very important for decision makers and for constructing sustainable development plans. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: This study aims to determine the direct effect of entrepreneurial orientation on family business performance. This study also discusses the role of family involvement as a mediating variable and the role of gender as a moderating variable in the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and family business performance. Design/methodology/approach: A total of 328 hotels in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, were selected as samples by the convenience sampling method. Primary data is collected through structured questionnaires that are delivered by themselves to key people in the hotel such as owners, directors and key staff (HRD, financial, relationship). Hypotheses are tested by structural equation modeling procedures using AMOS 22.0. Sobel test is used to determine the indirect effect of the mediation variable. Findings: The results showed that entrepreneurial orientation had no significant effect on family business performance. Family involvement acts as a full mediation in the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and family business performance. Gender acts as a moderating variable that can strengthen the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and family business performance. The results showed support for previous research. Research limitations/implications: The results of the study cannot conclude the national family business because it adopts convenience sampling and the sampling area is limited in Yogyakarta. Future research can use a larger sample. This study only researches hotels managed by family businesses, so it is not feasible to conclude for family businesses in general. Future research may choose to use several types of family businesses so that more varied results can be obtained. Future research could also compare hotels managed by family businesses with non-family businesses. The results also found that in addition to gender roles, respondent heterogeneity was an important component in the study of social identity. Therefore, research examining the influence of different cultures on the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and family business performance should be an extraordinary topic for future study. Other results from this study also indicate that there is a role for religion in improving hotel performance. Future research is needed to further explore Islamic business modeling for family businesses. Practical implications: This finding has significant implications that can help family businesses in developing strategies that are suitable for business management. Entrepreneurial orientation occupies a strategic position in developing sustainable competitive advantage in the family business of the tourism sector especially the hotel business in Yogyakarta for the better. Besides, the results of the study also showed that entrepreneurial orientation had no significant effect on performance. This relationship becomes significant when combined with active family involvement. This finding also shows that entrepreneurial orientation has the potential to have a more beneficial effect because of the active involvement of the family in helping with business management, alleviating business-related problems, and having a significant influence when the family also acts as management. Social implications: Research findings indicate the role of gender in strengthening the relationship between entrepreneurial orientation and family business performance. This provides a good position for women in the social environment to show achievement. To place women on the side of gender equality and justice in the family business in Indonesia. By opening wider access for Indonesian women in the realm of business management, expanding women's participation in a family business, increasing the role of control for women, and increasing women's knowledge and skills to increase the benefits in managing family businesses so that they have sustainable resilience in the face of global competition. Originality/value: The results of this study provide a new model in providing an overview of the direct and indirect roles (mediating and moderating) in the assessment of family business performance. This study uses three variables which are important in performance appraisal, namely entrepreneurial orientation (independent variable), family involvement (mediating variable) and gender (moderating variable). Where research that combines these four variables, directly and indirectly, has never been done before. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Despite many studies investigating how lobbying expenditures enhance performance outcomes, limited attention has been given to understanding the underlying mechanisms driving firm lobbying behaviors—and, particularly, where firms target their lobbying expenditures. We argue lobbying breadth serves as a risk management strategy to both hedge against possible government intrusion and minimize disapproval of firm actions from government officials. As such, we posit firms’ strategic risk will positively relate to breadth of lobbying firms’ target. Further, if lobbying breadth serves as risk management strategy, then other aspects that affect decisions about the amount of risk protection a firm may need should also affect this relationship. We argue that CEOs’ ownership and firms’ political uncertainty may exacerbate exposure from firm risk taking to government actions, thus strengthening the insurance relationship. Similarly, we argue available slack, as a form of internal insurance against government actions, will weaken the relationship between strategic risk taking and lobbying breadth. We find support for most of our arguments in a sample of U. S. manufacturing firms. This research extends understanding of lobbying beyond the predominant focus on expenditures and securing beneficial outcomes. Exploring how lobbying breadth serves an important risk management role also offers insights into firm nonmarket strategy. © The Author(s) 2021.
Remanufacturing is a sustainable product reutilization strategy to realize responsible consumption and production. However, it has remained a largely untapped opportunity for enhancing productivity due to some behavioral matters such as fairness concerns of remanufacturing related firms. Concerning the emerging and development of remanufacturing industry, this paper provides a game-theoretic analysis for a remanufacturing supply chain (RSC) consisting of one leading manufacturer and a following retailer, with the inclusion of fairness concern. We propose and compare several scenarios of channel members’ fairness preferences as, both members are fairness concerned, only one member is fairness concerned, and both members are fair neutral, to expound how fairness concern affects RSC strategies and resulting utilities. We also demonstrate dynamic evolution and stable state of channel members’ selections of whether being fairness concerned in the long term. Analytical results show that favorable scenarios for the RSC to achieve desired objective are relevant to its preference for improved supply chain performance or enhanced environmental benefit. Whatever the preference is, however, it is detrimental for both members to be fairness concerned in the short term. In the long term, evolutionary stable strategies of fairness concerns indicate that both members or only one member would choose to be fairness concerned. The eventual status relies on the initial state of fairness preference. The results are especially relevant as a reference for remanufacturing related strategies, thus enhancing production sustainability as well as environmental benefits. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Both natural and anthropogenic stressors are increasing on coral reefs, resulting in large-scale loss of coral and potential shifts from coral- to macroalgae-dominated community states. Two factors implicated in shifts to macroalgae are nutrient enrichment and fishing of reef herbivores. Although either of these factors alone could facilitate establishment of macroalgae, reefs may be particularly vulnerable to coral-to-algae phase shifts in which strong bottom-up forcing from nutrient enrichment is accompanied by a weakening of herbivore control of macroalgae via intense fishing. We explored spatial heterogeneity and covariance in these drivers on reefs in the lagoons of Moorea, French Polynesia, where the local fishery heavily targets herbivorous fishes and there are spatially variable inputs of nutrients from agricultural fertilizers and wastewater systems. Spatial patterns of fishing and nutrient enrichment were not correlated at the two landscape scales we examined: among the 11 interconnected lagoons around the island or among major habitats (fringing reef, mid-lagoon, back reef) within a lagoon. This decoupling at the landscape scale resulted from patterns of covariation between enrichment and fishing that differed qualitatively between cross-shore and long-shore directions. At the cross-shore scale, nutrient enrichment declined but fishing increased from shore to the crest of the barrier reef. By contrast, nutrient enrichment and fishing were positively correlated in the long-shore direction, with both increasing with proximity to a pass in the barrier reef. Contrary to widespread assumptions in the scientific literature that human coastal population density correlates with impact on marine ecosystems and that fishing effort declines linearly with distance from the shore, these local stressors produced a complex spatial mosaic of reef vulnerabilities. Our findings support spatially explicit management involving the control of anthropogenic nutrients and strategic reductions in fishing pressure on herbivores by highlighting specific areas to target for management actions. © 2021 The Authors. Ecological Applications published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Ecological Society of America.
Purpose: The article seeks to explain whether and how value-based healthcare principles lead to hybridization. The public management literature has been increasingly interested in hybrid forms of governance and hybrid performance management, but empirical studies are still rare. Further, the article studies the design of performance management and accounting systems as healthcare organizations reorganize their care processes applying value-based healthcare principles. Design/methodology/approach: This article first connects the theoretical discussions on value-based healthcare and performance management for hybrids. The conceptual understanding of performance management in hybrid healthcare uses a case study of a Finnish healthcare organization with documentary data and transcribed interviews with healthcare professionals from both the strategic and operative levels of healthcare. Findings: The article illustrates and analyses how new policy-level objectives and principles of value-based healthcare led to hybridity in healthcare, manifest in mixed ownership of a particular care path and new forms of social and financial control. Further, the article provides empirical evidence of how increased hybridity necessitated new organizational modes and roles, new managerial tools for performance management and created a need to develop the capability to account and measure entire integrated care processes. Important enabling factors for the integration of care and hybrid performance management were commitment created in dialogue, voluntary-based trust and technology to generate factual shared information. Practical implications: The study is informative for stakeholders, funders and managers of healthcare organizations, namely new knowledge for the discussion of hybrid governance in healthcare, including a critical account of the applicability and impact of a hybrid service model in healthcare management. Moreover, the article illustrates what needs to be reconsidered in performance management and accounting practices when reorganizing care processes according to the principles of value-based healthcare. Originality/value: The article extends the analysis of performance management in hybrids and sheds new light on hybridization in healthcare. It also provides much-needed empirical evidence on the processes and practices of accounting and performance management after implementing a value-based healthcare strategy. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: It is imperative to intensively engage stakeholders in the process of adapting to climate change impacts because stakeholders are important components in adaptation process and policy formulation. However, there is slight empirical evidence that has been established to indicate whether the stakeholders are significantly involved in developing various adaptations plans. Design/methodology/approach: As a way of bridging that gap, this study adopted both primary and secondary data and assumed various techniques. In-depth, semi-structured interview was the major approach and most interviews were conducted between June and August 2020. Here, 20 stakeholders were involved in this kind of participatory process. To make results more rigorous, the data from interviews were enriched with data from documentary reviews. Generally, the data were analyzed through theme content analysis. Findings: The results exhibit that there has been little engagement of stakeholders in undertaking various researches especially in marginalized areas. In some instances, several stakeholders have been included; however, the most important ones have been excluded in the process, thus affecting the provision of data. The inconsistences affect the whole adaptation process and bring numerous controversies with the existing realities which recognize stakeholders as important entity in the adaptation process. Subsequently, this has widely affected even the set ups of decision-making organs and the policy formulation processes at large. Originality/value: Explicitly, the results of this study are essential to climate scientists and practitioners, as the results reveal the real situation in the field. Similarly, the results inform how various sustainable projects, plans and policies related to climate change adaptations can be developed. Conclusions are therefore drawn to strengthen sustainable adaptation to climate change impacts through increased stakeholder involvement. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
In an era where environmental and social pressures on companies are increasing, sustainable supply chain management is essential for the efficient operation and survivability of the organizations (members of the chain). Digital transformation and the adoption of new technologies could support the development of sustainable strategies, as they support supply chain processes, decrease operational costs, enable control and monitoring of operations and support green practices. The purpose of this paper is to explore the relationship between sustainable supply chain management and digital transformation through the adoption of specific technologies (Blockchain technology, big data analytics, internet of things). It aims at theory building and the development of a conceptual framework, enabling the explanation of under which circumstances the above combination could lead to the development of sustainable performances. It also aims to examine how companies can increase their competitive advantage and/or increase their business performance, contributing both to academics and practitioners. After conducting a literature review analysis, a significant gap was detected. There are a few studies providing theoretical approaches to examining all three pillars of sustainability, while at the same time analyzing the impact of big data analytics, internet of things and blockchain technology on the development of sustainable supply chains. Aiming to address this gap, this paper primarily conducts a literature review, identifies definitions and theories used to explain the different pillars of flexibility, and examines the effect of different technologies. It then develops a theoretical conceptual framework, which could enable both academics and practitioners to examine the impact of the adoption of different technologies on sustainable supply chain management. The findings of this research reveal that digital transformation plays an important role to companies, as the combination of different technologies may lead to the development of significant capabilities, increasing sustainable performances and enabling the development of sustainable strategies, which can improve companies’ position in the market. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The use of spatio-temporal statistical combination method to explore the land use transition in urban suburbs provides an essential resource for promoting urban-rural integration and management of further urbanization. A combination of Space Time Cube and Geodetector methods was used to quantitatively identify the dominant morphology of land use change, and explore the recessive morphology and driving mechanism in Baiyun District, a suburb of Guangzhou from 1980 to 2020. Between these years, the land use changes were dominated by the expansion of built-up land and the shrinkage of cropland. The expansion took place in southern (1990-2000) to central (2000-2005) areas of the jurisdiction, followed by large-scale decentralization (2005-2010). Land use activities showed a downward trend. A continuous cold spot was mainly distributed in the southeast and remote areas near the urban center, whereas a continuous hot spot was spatially characterized by a multinuclear pattern, mainly concentrated in the center and south. Socioeconomic factors significantly affected the spatial pattern of land use activities. The trend turning in land use morphology of land use change can be divided into four stages: land primitivation from 1980 to 1990, land fragmentation from 1990 to 2000, land overflow from 2000 to 2010, and land intensification from 2010 to the present. Baiyun District is at the forefront of China’s development and has typical “suburban” characteristics, which can provide a reference for other suburbs in China to develop in stages. Today, urban suburbs in China face the problems of limited land resources and mixed land use space. Taking advantage of the new national strategic environment could effectively solve these land use issues in urban suburbs and achieve sustainable development. New trends in land use morphology research, also considering land use effects and land use change mechanisms in an integrated manner, are conducive to further deepening the understanding of land use transitions. Moreover, spatiotemporal statistical methods have innovated the field of mining the spatiotemporal characteristics of land use. Based on a scientific method for spatiotemporal analysis, we were able to reconstruct the three-dimensional space of land and improve the methods applied for research into land use change. Copyright © 2022 Jian, Chen, Gong, Wenli and Chen.
To compensate for loss of business during the COVID-19 crisis, wineries in the tourism industry had to apply new strategies. In order to collect and compare these newly developed sustainable strategies, a cross-cultural study has been conducted in 2021. This study is based on a qualitative survey using purposeful sampling with key decision-makers of 70 wineries from the U.S., Australia, Germany, Hungary, and Romania covering wine growing countries both from the Old and New World. The aim was to identify new and sustainable initiatives and resilience strategies implemented to deal with the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, noting any cultural differences in each country’s response and to analyse the perspectives of wine tourism in the future. The findings highlight the wineries’ impressive focus on creativity and flexibility while also bringing attention to cultural differences. The insights form a preliminary suggestion for best practice strategies that businesses within wine tourism may consider helpful in their future business planning. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: Even the smartest organizations believe that “good enough is never good enough.” Highly intelligent people may be able to do important things individually; still, it is their accumulated brainpower that allows them to do great things. Collective intelligence means when a group of people do things that seem intelligent. On the other hand, when intelligent people are gathered or hired in an organization, they tend toward collective stupidity and slow-wittedness. Therefore, the purpose of the present study is to develop a model of the factors affecting and affected by collective stupidity. Design/methodology/approach: This study was conducted using a mixed-method approach and in two phases: qualitative and quantitative. First, in the qualitative phase and in order to achieve new findings, semi-structured interviews with experts from 12 knowledge-based companies were used to design a conceptual model and formulate the hypotheses. At the end of the qualitative phase, the conceptual model and relationships between variables were drawn. Then, in the quantitative phase, by running structural equation modeling, the antecedents and consequences of collective stupidity derived from the qualitative phase findings were analyzed and the research hypotheses were tested in 110 industrial knowledge-based companies. Findings: The results of the qualitative phase revealed that individual, group and organizational factors were the antecedents of collective stupidity, with individual factors having three dimensions, collective ones including two dimensions and organizational ones focusing on the characteristics of managers/companies. It was also found that collective stupidity had individual consequences in three dimensions and organizational consequences in five dimensions; and one-sidedness, non-strategic thinking, organizational injustice and weakness in the management of key personnel were extracted as mediators. The results of the quantitative phase confirmed the research model and showed that individual factors and organizational consequences had the lowest (0.037) and highest (1.084) effect sizes on collective stupidity, respectively. Research limitations/implications: The study of the phenomenon in a particular context and the difficulty of generalizing the findings to other situations, the small size of the study population due to the disproportionate number of experts to the total staff in the qualitative phase, and the limited participation of experts due to the negative nature of the issue in the quantitative phase. Taking advantage of the diversity of experts' mental abilities through equipping the organization with tools for recognizing collective stupidity, improving collective decision-making, enhancing the efficiency of think tanks and organizational prosperity in the age of knowledge economy, preventing damage to the body of knowledge of the company and reducing social loafing can be the main operational implications of this study. Originality/value: Using a mixed-method approach for analyzing the antecedents and consequences of collective stupidity in this study and examining such a phenomenon in a knowledge-based organizational context and its implementation in a developing country can be among the innovations of the present research. By following a few studies conducted in this field in addition to the organizational pathology of the phenomenon using a fundamental method, this study obtained deep results on how to make the maximum use of experts’ capacities. This was to the extent that in all of the three sections, i.e. the antecedents and consequences of collective stupidity, a new factor emerged. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Nightlife is a controversial offer for its possible negative social impacts, but it is also important for its media impact and as an element of differentiation of the tourist destination. In the coastal resorts it is a very important offer as it complements the main offer. This paper seeks to determine the background of residents’ attitudes towards the offer of nightlife. To do this, the responses of a sample of 420 residents of the Maldonado-Punta del Este conurbation (Uruguay) who responded to a questionnaire with items measured with Likert scales are analyzed using Structural Equation Models. A first analysis, which presents costs and benefits of three types (economic, social and cultural) as a possible background of the degree of acceptance of this offer, did not detect significant relationships. In a second analysis, the mediation of the overall attitude towards tourism and the degree of acceptance of sun and beach tourism were proposed. In this second analysis it was found that: only economic benefits and cultural costs have significant effects on the overall attitude; the overall attitude has a significant effect on the acceptance of sun and beach tourism, but not on the acceptance of nightlife; and the acceptance of sun and beach tourism has a significant effect on the acceptance of nightlife. The acceptance of nightlife follows the same guidelines as its business development (it is a consequence of sun and beach tourism). © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper explores how sensemaking theory offers a new perspective on HR's role during strategic change. As change in organisations today is less of a programme and more of a continuous cycle of business transformation, there has been a shift in focus to its underpinning, cognitive process of sensemaking. However, HR's role in developing sensemaking praxis in organisations is not widely researched to date. This paper addresses that gap. We draw on Eisenhardt and Sull's ‘simple rules’ whereby complex strategy praxis is reduced to a highly translatable, small number of key rules (2001). Through a diary study of middle managers engaging in strategic change, we investigate their real-time, lived sensemaking praxis. We conclude that HR have a significant contribution to play in developing an organisation's sensemaking praxis through four Simple Rules of Sensemaking: (1) plan creative discourse opportunities, (2) ensure leader-middle manager parity, (3) mutually direct sensemaking through ongoing re-planning and re-prioritisation, and (4) ensure leadership effort continues beyond the initiation of strategic change. © 2021 The Authors. Human Resource Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: As more women are now being appointed to senior and top management positions and invited to sit on boards of directors, they are now directly participating in strategic company decision-making. As female directors have been found to provide new ideas, increase company competitiveness, efficiency and performance and bring a greater number of external resources to a company than male directors, this paper aims to put female directors as a variable into the data envelopment analysis (DEA) and statistical models to explore the effect of female directors on operating performances. The DEA first quantified and measured the company efficiencies, after which the statistical model analyzed the correlations between the variables to specifically identify the impact of female decision makers on the operating efficiencies in state-owned and private enterprises. Design/methodology/approach: A novel two-stage, meta-hybrid dynamic DEA was developed to explore Chinese cultural media company efficiencies under optimal input and output resource allocations, after which Tobit Regression was applied to determine the effect of female executives on these efficiencies. Findings: From 2012 to 2016, the overall efficiencies in Chinese state-owned cultural media enterprises were better than in the private cultural media enterprises. The overall technology gaps (TGs) in the state-owned cultural media enterprises were better than in the private cultural media enterprises. Originality/value: Previous research has tended to focus on the causal relationships between female senior executives and business performances; however, there have been few studies on the relationships between female executives and company performance from an efficiency perspective (optimal resource allocation). This paper, therefore, is the first to develop a novel two-stage, meta-hybrid dynamic DEA to examine Chinese cultural media enterprise efficiencies, and the first to apply Tobit Regression to assess the effect of female executives on those efficiencies. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Exploring the dynamic changes of steel from the ships is critical for developing sustainable strategies for waste management of shipping industry. However, the information of stocks and flows of ships and related steel is currently unavailable, hindering the sustainable development of shipping industry. By collecting dispersed information on production, use, material composition, and end-of-life management of five types ships, we first estimated the historical steel stocks and flows respect to global ships from 1980 to 2019, and further projected the amount of steel scraps from shipbreaking by 2050. The steel stocks of ships increased by 2.6 times from 208.4 Mt in 1980 to 542.9 Mt in 2019. The top 2 regional contributors, Asia and Latin America & the Caribbean, were together responsible for about half of the total increase. A transition from oil tankers to container ships and bulk carriers reduced the in-use steel stock due to the lower steel intensity of the latter. The rapid increase of ship stocks after year 1980 led to significant increase of steel scrap in the 2010 s, reaching 10.1 Mt/year in 2019. Our projections showed that the steel from scrapped ships worldwide will increase by around 4-fold to 40.4–47.3 Mt/year by 2050, which imposed a great challenge on coordination of recycling ship-related steel and require long-term planning on ship recycling facility development. By identifying the stocks and flows of ships and related steel, this study provides insights for the steel waste and recycling management of end-of-life ships worldwide. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Building a coherent discourse on professionalism is a challenge for corporate social responsibility (CSR) practitioners, as there is not yet an established knowledge basis for CSR, and CSR is a contested notion that covers a wide variety of issues and moral foundations. Relying on insights from the literature on micro-CSR, new professionalism, and Boltanski and Thévenot’s (1991/2006) economies of worth framework, we examine the discourses of 56 CSR practitioners in South Korea on their claimed professionalism. Our analysis delineates four distinct discourses of CSR professionalism—strategic corporate giving, social innovation, risk management, and sustainability transition—that are derived from a plurality of more or less compatible moral foundations whose partial overlaps and tensions we document in a systematic manner. Our results portray these practitioners as compromise makers who selectively combine morally distant justifications to build their own specific professionalism discourse, with the aim to advance CSR within and across organizations. By uncovering the moral relationality connecting these discourses, our findings show that moral pluralism is a double-edged sword that can not only bolster the justification of CSR professionalism but also threaten collective professionalism at the field level. Overall, our study suggests paying more attention to the moral relationality and tensions that underlie professional fields. © The Author(s) 2021.
Public sectors globally face challenges and, thus far, public sector reforms have been unsuccessful. The public sector, as a key component of any economy, needs to address its challenges adequately to prevent economic growth and development from being curtailed. The aim of this study is therefore to understand public sector inefficiencies, particularly why problems that recur are not adequately resolved. That over time, problems come up, again and again, suggests that the root causes of these problems have probably not been addressed. The study examines mechanisms that will contribute towards the enhancement of the efficiency of public services. The findings include the New Public Management (NPM) movement and involve a bundle of radical changes, including privatisation and contracting out, marketization of services still inside the public sector, and stronger performance management. The study revealed the congruence between Public Administration and governance by outlining the three models of governance, which are governance as government, governance as governance and governance as good governance, and governance as enough good governance. It was also found out that efficiency and effectiveness in a public sector relate to the maximisation of resources, relative to the outputs achieved. The findings from strategic public administration and accountability will contribute towards the efficiency of public services. The paper aims to analyse the mechanisms that will ensure efficiency in public services. The main problem is that governments can identify the root causes of inefficiencies regarding public services, but they do not focus on identifying the root causes and they lack implementation strategies. The study seeks to identify the mechanisms that will enhance efficiency in the provision of public services. Considering this, the study employed conceptual methodology. © 2022 Adonis and Abbey Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Whereas automated driving technology has made tremendous gains in the last decade, significant questions remain regarding its integration into society. Given its revolutionary nature, the use of automated driving systems (ADSs) is accompanied by myriad novel quandaries relating to both operational and ethical concerns that are relevant to numerous stakeholders (e.g., governments, manufacturers, and passengers). When considering any such problem, the ADS’s decision-making calculus is always a central component. This is true for concerns about public perception and trust to others regarding explainability and legal certainty. Therefore, in this manuscript, we set forth a general decision-analytic framework tailorable to multitudinous stakeholders. More specifically, we develop and validate a generic tree of ADS management objectives, explore potential attributes for their measurement, and provide multiattribute utility functions for implementation. Given the contention surrounding numerous ethical concerns in ADS operations, we explore how each of the aforementioned components can be tailored in accordance with the stakeholder’s desired ethical perspective. A simulation environment is developed upon which our framework is tested. Within this environment we illustrate how our approach can be leveraged by stakeholders to make strategic trade-offs regarding ADS behavior and to inform policymaking efforts. In so doing, our framework is demonstrated as a practical, tractable, and transparent means of modeling ADS decision making. © 2022 INFORMS Inst.for Operations Res.and the Management Sciences. All rights reserved.
A strategic approach to behavioral change communication streamlines communication processes of a health institution in a crisis setting like COVID-19 pandemic. In such a setting, it is important to focus communication efforts to reach the different audience groups and ensure common understanding and willingness to act by all the groups in order to achieve the institution’s mission of curbing the pandemic. This study contributes to these efforts by examining the mediating effect of interaction resonance in the relationship between information adequacy and strategic behavioral change communication. The study adopted a cross sectional survey design that involved collecting quantitative data from 223 health organizations of Uganda’s health sector in the different regions of the country. In order to test the study hypotheses, the study used Structural Equation Modeling of AMOS and the bootstrapping approach to test the mediating role of interaction resonance. The results revealed that interaction resonance fully mediates in the relationship between information adequacy and strategic behavioral change communication. This implied that having adequate information per say, does not cause behavioral change among the intended message recipients but requires a communication system that enables high quality interactions. © The Author(s) 2021.
The changing climate may adversely affect crop production unless appropriate adaptation strategies are used. The appropriate level of fertilization and sowing dates are some of the simple and most economic but effective strategies which can be developed and applied for specific climatic regions. Keeping the aforesaid fact in mind, varying sowing dates were analyzed as a strategic adaptation to cope with the climate change for maize yield in Eastern India under rainfed and irrigated conditions. Evaluation of sowing dates was performed by the CERES-maize model for estimating the maize yield for the projected time periods 2021–2050 (2050s), and 2051–2080 (2080s) by using different Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) 2.6, 4.5, 6.0, and 8.5 W m-2 respectively from the 17 Global circulation models (GCM) of CMIP5 (Coupled Model Intercomparison Project Phase 5) climate projection scenarios, and the results projected were compared with the baseline scenario of 1982–2012. The results indicated that the effect of late sowing dates (30 June and 10 July) was more in RCPs 6.0, and 8.5 for both the time periods 2050s and 2080s as during the tasseling stage the intensity of solar radiation decreased, while for the recommended (20 June), and earlier sowing (30 May and 10 June) dates reduced grain yield was recorded for the rainfed condition due to higher temperature stress. In irrigated conditions, the recommended sowing date (15 January) was suitable for time slice 2050s in all the RCP scenarios, while the earlier sowing date (25 December) was found to be suitable in the time slice period of 2080s with RCP 8.5. Thus, shifting sowing dates can be an effective management strategy to cope with climate change with less waste and efficient use of resources. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Supply chains are only as strong as their weakest link. Given that most supply chain disruptions occur because of first-tier suppliers, the need to examine supplier resilience in supply chain relationships cannot be overstated. However, our understanding of how customers can engage with their suppliers and facilitate supplier resilience in their relationships is rather curbed. We examine the role of customer leadership styles in inciting supplier extra-role behaviors, such as relational flexibility and relationship-specific investments, by fostering supplier trust, which can then abet supplier resilience. We test our hypotheses using survey data collected from 207 U.S. firms while ensuring our model and findings are relevant to practice through interviews with high-level executives at several Fortune-1000 firms. We find that a customer's leadership style enhances a supplier's trust in the customer. Subsequently, the supplier might demonstrate relational flexibility and relationship-specific investments. While relational flexibility enhances supplier resilience, relationship-specific investments might limit the supplier's alternatives to remedy a disruptive situation and impede its resilience towards its customer. Our study contributes to academic research and practice by showing that a customer can utilize its leadership style to enhance supplier resilience within the specific customer–supplier relationship. Nevertheless, if the mechanism to promote supplier resilience is not clearly understood, a customer's leadership style might backfire. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Little efforts have been made to scientifically document smallholder farmers understanding on the nature of climate change effects on water resources in developing countries. The objective of this study was to examine farmers understanding about climate change impacts on water resources in the Dura catchment, northern Ethiopia. Total sample sizes of 79 farmers’ selected using systematic sampling method were interviewed with semi-structured questionnaire. Data were subjected to descriptive, chi-square and t-test analysis. The majority of the farmers reported that socioeconomic, farm and institutional attributes influenced significantly their understanding of climate change effects on water resources. This study showed that most farmers are well aware about the significant differences in the sensitivity of water resources to climate change effects across the different landforms. According to 58% of the farmers’, water resources in the mountainous area of the study catchment is “very sensitive” to climate change effects. In this study, significantly higher proportion of farmers also understood climate change effects on the different water resource components such as soil moisture storage, runoff, groundwater, evapotranspiration. The impact of climate change on the different sectors of water utilization as irrigated agriculture, rain-fed agriculture and water supply was also reported by 78.3, 73.2 and 59.5% of the respondents, respectively. According to 98.7% of the respondents, impacts of climate change under unsuitable condition damages severely their economic condition. Against such impact of climate change on water resources; about 86.8% of the farmers reported that they have been used re-active adaptation practices. However, many respondents (74.7%) believed that shared responsibility among the actors could enhance the successfulness of pro-active activities against climate change effects on water resources. On the basis of this study it is concluded that farmers seem to have noticed the changes and impacts of climate on water resources and this could contribute to improve the limited knowledge on climate science. Hence, smallholder farmers level of understanding on the effects of climate change on water resources should be considered by development workers and planners during decision-making processes and developing adaptation strategies that address challenges already faced and in the future. © 2020, Springer Nature B.V.
Geopolitical risk (GPR) tends to cascade from one country to another. Understanding GPR transmission is important to devising risk management strategies for institutional investors and corporate managers, and national security policies for governments. In this paper, we measure and explain cross-country transmission of GPR. Our sample covers 19 country-based GPR indexes of Caldara and Iacoviello (Measuring geopolitical risk, 2018) from January 1985 to December 2016. We apply the spillover model of Diebold and Yilmaz (Int J Forecast 28:57–66, 2012) to measure pairwise as well as system-wide GPR transmission. The estimation results show a substantial amount of GPR transmission across our sample countries, with certain countries and geographical clusters being more prominent than others. We then explain the pairwise GPR transmission using a cross-sectional regression motivated by a gravity model framework. We find that certain bilateral linkages such as bilateral trade and geographical proximity significantly explain the pairwise GPR transmission. This transmission is positively associated with both countries’ debt burdens and geographical sizes, transmitting country’s fiscal imbalance, and is negatively associated with recipient country’s economic size. The results imply that these factors may be used to predict the trajectory of GPR, which is an important input for the assessment of cross-border investment appraisals as well as international stability initiatives. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: Research shows that strategic corporate real estate management (SCREM) practice contributes to organizational performance. However, globally, SCREM practice is hindered by numerous challenges especially in developing countries such as Ghana. This study examines the challenges of SCREM practice in Ghana from business and corporate real estate managers’ perspectives. Design/methodology/approach: A mixed-method design was adopted for the study. The largely quantitative study was supported with qualitative data. The multi-stage sampling technique was used to select respondents from 35 institutions in five sectors. The relative importance index, consensus/agreement framework and Mann–Whitney U test were used for analysis. Findings: Analysis revealed that there is latent resistance to the provision of CRE policy, adequate authority and resources as well as resistance to change in organizational culture for the adoption of SCREM practice. The CRE management function is thus not well integrated into corporate activities. It is seen as a non-core organizational function merely providing physical space and support services. Practical implications: The research has identified the challenges of SCREM and how these could be addressed to ensure that CRE is managed strategically to contribute effectively to organizational performance. Originality/value: The paper is the first to identify the challenges of SCREM practice from business and CRE managers’ perspective in five sectors in Ghana, thus contributing to the limited literature on the subject globally. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Of all actors involved in managing an organizational crisis, strategic leaders play a particularly central role. However, the growing scholarship on the impact of strategic leaders in crisis situations is characterized by a high degree of fragmentation, considerably hindering the generation of parsimonious theory and practically useful insights. To address this issue, we conduct a systematic multidisciplinary literature review that spans the research streams on strategic leadership and organizational crises. For each type of strategic leader—Chief Executive Officer (CEO), top management team, and board of directors—we identify the different applied theoretical lenses and highlight commonalities and differences between studies and their insights. We use our review to derive an integrative conceptual framework that guides future research. Our exploratory review unveils that, while each type of strategic leader plays a significant role in a crisis context, the perspectives taken and the resulting evidence vary: as for the CEO, research focuses on social evaluations—for instance, based on the CEO's appearance—as well as agency-theoretic considerations—particularly, financial incentives. Regarding the top management team, research mostly adopts a managerial and organizational cognition lens, focusing on characteristics such as personality and human capital. Lastly, for the board of directors, agency-theoretic considerations again dominate the scholarly conversation, especially studies of board independence. Overall, we review and organize a rich but patchy research landscape, and we derive ample opportunities for novel theoretical and empirical inquiries into strategic leaders and their role in managing organizational crises. © 2021 The Authors
A central idea in organizational research and practice is that change efforts demand a sense of urgency. It is also commonly accepted that renewal beyond incremental improvements demand individuals and teams to have what earlier research has called a “promotion focus”—to think innovatively, see opportunities, and think long term. Urgency, however, leads to a “prevention focus,” with which teams and their members are more inclined to seek incremental improvements and error reduction. Hence, urgency seems to both support change and prevent it. Earlier research has not established the conditions under which urgency may lead to creative and productive outcomes. This paper aims to do so. In a study of seven change initiatives at a large media company undergoing a serious crisis, we found that urgency cues could be productively handled by managers and project team members when they addressed three core relationships: (a) the success-failure relationship, (b) the safety-accountability relationship, and (c) the operative-strategic relationship. We make three related theoretical propositions regarding the role of urgency in innovation-driven change and transformation. © 2021 The Author(s)
Within a local and national context of escalating conflicts surrounding the management of immigrating wild wolves (Canis lupus) spreading from Germany into Denmark, we invited a group of citizens living in and nearby a Danish wolf territory to participate in an experiment called “The Wolf Dialogue Project”. The overall objective of the Wolf Dialogue Project was to explore the possibility of developing a productive alternative to the systematically distorted communication and “High conflict” that characterizes current wolf management, using a critical-utopian dialogue approach guided by Habermasian discourse ethic and a joint fact-finding process, that seeks to empower citizens to take on a shared responsibility for the commons. By purposefully not representing any strategic interests for or against wolves or the existing wolf management regime, the project offered a group of citizens the opportunity to formulate and communicate the problems and concerns they experienced, living in or nearby wolf territory. The project further offered the participating citizens the opportunity to develop counter measures and solutions to their experienced problems, through a facilitated process of social learning and empowerment. The duration of the dialogue project was two and a half years and included a demographic and political cross section of local citizens. Despite difficulties along the way, the outcome of the project was more profound than initially anticipated by the project team. Participants were initially very polarised, and some were opposed to the existing wolf management regime as well as governmental agencies, but they began taking on a collective responsibility guided by the common interest of their community, across individual differences. In addition, the process left a significant mark on the new wolf management plan recommended to the government by the Danish Wildlife Council in 2021. Far from all problems and conflicts were solved by the project, and new problems also emerged as a result of the project, but by bringing the commons of the participating citizens into focus, and applying a process of communicative rationality, joint fact-finding and the exploration of alternative futures, the project revealed the potential for social and environmental responsibility to emerge from sociopolitical empowerment. Copyright © 2022 Hansen, Dethlefsen, Fox and Jeppesen.
Small and medium-sized enterprises around the world play a key role in building economic growth and maintaining environmental sustainability. This strategic role in the economy depends on the possessed competitive advantage, which will increasingly depend on the ecological behavior of SMEs. Therefore, it is justified to undertake research the main goal of which is to identify the pro-ecological activities of SMEs conducive to achieving a competitive advantage. The original empirical research was conducted in 2021 on a sample of 452 small and medium-sized enterprises in Poland. The research was based on a questionnaire. The research allowed for the assessment of sustainable energy management by assessing the awareness of entrepreneurs, assessing the pro-ecological activities undertaken, and assessing the impact of pro-ecological activities on shaping the competitive advantages of enterprises in 2015–2020. The surveyed entrepreneurs considered the most important components of the company’s competitive advantage and sustainable energy management to be those investments aimed at achieving a high input–result ratio in a short time. In order to review the pro-ecological activities in Poland against the background of international data, other research results in this area are presented. The cited data confirm the results of the conducted extensive survey research. In the case of many countries and SMEs, environmental awareness is relatively low. Where it occurs, it is not translated into real activities in the field of sustainable energy management in the absence of economic efficiency. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The African coast contains heritage sites of ‘Outstanding Universal Value’ that face increasing risk from anthropogenic climate change. Here, we generated a database of 213 natural and 71 cultural African heritage sites to assess exposure to coastal flooding and erosion under moderate (RCP 4.5) and high (RCP 8.5) greenhouse gas emission scenarios. Currently, 56 sites (20%) are at risk from a 1-in-100-year coastal extreme event, including the iconic ruins of Tipasa (Algeria) and the North Sinai Archaeological Sites Zone (Egypt). By 2050, the number of exposed sites is projected to more than triple, reaching almost 200 sites under high emissions. Emissions mitigation from RCP 8.5 to RCP 4.5 reduces the number of very highly exposed sites by 25%. These findings highlight the urgent need for increased climate change adaptation for heritage sites in Africa, including governance and management approaches, site-specific vulnerability assessments, exposure monitoring, and protection strategies. © 2022, The Author(s).
The purpose of this study was to explore the leisure constraint negotiation strategies adopted by the people participating in swimming as a serious leisure activity in the context of COVID-19 by using qualitative research methods. The study was conducted over five months, from September 2020 to January 2021, via the use of snowball sampling. Six unmarried employees in their 30s living in Seoul and Incheon, Korea, were the participants of this study. Data collection was conducted through in-depth interviews, two or three times among each participant. For data analysis, all the recorded contents stated by the participants were transcribed. The results are as follows: first, among the leisure constraint negotiation strategies, the cognitive constraint negotiation strategies were “supernatural attitude toward swimming” and “positive attitude toward the post-COVID-19 period”; and second, among the leisure constraint negotiation strategies, behavioral constraint negotiation strategies were derived as “substitution of activity and motivation” and “participating facilities and crowding management.” Based on these results, it can be concluded that the special leisure experiences and leisure constraint negotiation strategies only for swimming within the framework of facility use restrictions were caused due to COVID-19 and further suggested ways to improve the practical management of leisure and sports activities based on the facilities. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Prescriptive learning is gradually gaining the attention of various industries in Nigeria, particularly on the issues and concerns surrounding sustainability. The existing literature shows that Nigerian pharmaceutical firms have not provided adequately researched prescriptive learning opportunities and sustainable employee engagement. Thus, this study explores the influence of prescriptive learning and sustainable employee engagement in selected pharmaceutical firms in Nigeria. Five hundred and forty-one (541) respondents were surveyed across all the selected pharmaceutical companies in Nigeria using a stratified and purposive sampling technique. Only four hundred and thirty-four (434) copies of the questionnaire, which represents an 80.2% rate of response. were analysed with Smart PLS 3.0. The results show that competitive differentiation, reflection, research and idea testing significantly influenced employee (cognitive, behavioral and affective) engagements. The study concludes that the adoption of prescriptive learning motivates sustainable employee engagement because employees become emotionally invested in work roles and functions. This study contributes to the strategic learning and development of human resource management practices, especially in the Pharmaceutical industry. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Environmental sustainability is one of humanity’s most daunting issues and continues to garner attention from researchers and policymakers. The substantial corpus of work on sustainability has focused on broader sustainable development goals (SDGs), with occasional discourse on the progress of environmental issues within the SDGs. In this issue, we draw precise attention to environmental SDGs and their implementation progress at country and company level, underscoring the actions required to accomplish Agenda 2030. The contributions to this special issue provide incremental knowledge of the state of progress made towards accomplishing Agenda 2030, as well as advance our understanding of corporate environmental research particularly in developing countries. We report a concise viewpoint of the chapters featured in this special issue of Advances in Environmental Accounting and Management on the progress and prospects of environmental sustainability and Agenda 2030. Our review and summary highlights crucial findings from each contribution, the implications of such findings for policymakers, and areas for immediate and future actions pertinent for the accomplishment of the Agenda. The overarching outcome from the chapters featured in the special issue suggests a positive change in the appetite for sustainable practices at both country and company level. Yet, the practicality and approach to attain the goals set by United Nations Agenda 2030 is still a distance away. We believe insights from chapters in this issue would provide pragmatic support to managers and governments in developing and implementing strategic actions to confront the growing yet emerging state of environmental SDGs accomplishment at country and company levels. © 2022 by Emerald Publishing Limited.
There are many subjective inferences regarding environment-related studies in modern studies of ancient military defense heritage, and the objective quantitative analysis of citadel site selection and layout has become the key to interpreting the environmental adaptability of citadels under defense strategies. Based on this, it has been proposed in this research that the site selection of ancient military citadels in a specific region (Zhejiang) has environmental adaptability characteristics. Firstly, an elevated hydrological overlay model was established by predicting and graphically verifying the ancient hydrological thresholds through geospatial analysis strategies. Secondly, the hydrological and topographical indicators of the regional environment where the military citadel is located were digitally extracted. Finally, correlation and weight influence calculations were performed for different environmental data. The environmental adaptability characteristics of the site layout of the Ming dynasty-era Zhejiang coastal defense military citadel, based on military defense needs, were obtained. In this way, we promote digital technology for the excavation, conservation and sustainable use of heritage resources. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Abandoned materials and substances generated during construction, renovation, and demolition activities are collectively referred to as construction and demolition (C&D) waste. Inert C&D waste materials, such as sub-soil, sand, stone, and concrete, could be either directly reused on another construction site or recycled. Therefore, real-time information about site locations, dates, categories, prices, etc. provided on a centralized strategic platform would make an efficient and effective contribution to the reuse of C&D waste and could consequently reduce the overall trading and social cost of construction. The so-called ‘platform economy’ has proved to be transformational in upgrading many industries and has already changed people's way of life and ways of trading. However, the research and practice of platform-based information to transform and upgrade the construction industry has lagged far behind other industries. This study, therefore, investigated the feasibility of providing a trading platform for C&D waste as an integrated and effective strategy for current practices of C&D waste management and resource recovery in China and proposes theoretical models based on platform economy theory and third-party governance. A timed Petri net was used to model and analyze the traditional transaction process and the platform transaction process of C&D waste. By comparing the time delay of two kinds of the transaction process, the superior efficiency of the platform was revealed. The paper concludes with the main findings, and provides policy implications and future directions. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Drawing from upper echelons theory, this study examines Chief Human Resource Officers (CHROs) level of cultural intelligence as a predictor of diversity management practices established during their tenure. We model cultural intelligence (CQ) as an individual difference that combines with functional expertise to bolster attention to diversity management. CHRO cultural intelligence is further posited to have an indirect effect on the establishment of diversity management practices through CHRO propensity for transformational leadership behaviours, in this case directed towards other TMT members to garner support for diversity management practices. We test arguments with primary and secondary data from a sample of 193 CHROs and their institutions. Findings address the call to analyse functional TMT roles and factors that impact their effectiveness, and speak to the continued evolution of CQ as a research construct. We conclude with research and practical implications at a time of heightened attention to diversity. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
In recent years, domestic and international airlines alike have been faced with a number of challenges, including economic recessions, rising oil prices, and competition from other convenient travel alternatives, which have caused Taiwan’s various airlines to face substantial financial difficulties. In this study, a questionnaire was administered to examine the service quality of the aviation industry and strategies for aviation industry management were proposed from the perspective of customer value co-creation. The analytic network process approach was employed to elucidate the interactive relationships between evaluation criteria from the managers’ perspective. The entropy method was used to compute the cognitive gap between customers and managers while identifying the strategic means of diminishing these cognitive differences. The analysis results indicated that a company’s understanding of its customers can be enhanced through a four-dimensional (Dialogue, Access, Risk assessment, and Transparency) interactive model. The primary value of the present study is that it combines customers’ concepts regarding value creation with their perceptions of service quality. By doing so, it offers guidance to airlines regarding service quality that can assist them in developing sustainable competitive advantages. © The Author(s) 2022.
Existing studies related to ecological sensitivity evaluation are comparatively mature; how-ever, few approaches are concerned with distinctive topographical conditions that enable response to specific environmental restoration requirements. In this paper, an adaptive ecological sensitivity evaluation framework is established according to a representative plateau topography (i.e., the Loess Plateau region) via a case study of Gaolan County, China. Through the process of factor selection, index system construction, formula adaption, factor weight determination by analytic hierarchy process (AHP) as well as the support of RS and GIS technology, the ecological sensitivity of the research region has been evaluated and analyzed in combination with land use types and typical gully problems. The results show that high sensitivity areas account for 11.16 percent of the total area in the research region and a tendency for fragmentation in spatial distribution. Forest lands with steep slopes in gullies‘ upstream have the highest ecological sensitivity, the proportion of forest and garden land dominated by trees in the highest sensitivity area is around 80 percent. Evidence-based ecological restoration strategies are proposed in terms of the topography of Loess Plateau. This study shows possibilities to adapt existing sensitivity evaluation model for medium-scaled specific topography problems and provides useful clues as a basis for knowledge acquisition that can feed into spatial design, planning and restoration processes. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In view of huge ecological impacts and exorbitantly high economic costs of biological invasions, the risk assessment for timely prediction of potential invaders and their effective management assumes central importance, yet having been little addressed. Hence, we did the risk analysis of 39 plant species, including both alien and fast-spreading native species, in Hokera wetland, an important Ramsar site in Kashmir Himalaya, using the post-border Australian Weed Risk Management (AWRM) framework. Based on the AWRM scores, we listed these species into different categories, such as alert, destroy infestation, contain spread, manage weed, manage sites and monitor, with management implications. Out of the eight decisions created for Hokera wetland, alien Alternanthera philoxeroides was identified as ‘alert species’, while Typha angustifolia, Typha latifolia, Phragmites australis, Sparganium ramosum and Myriophyllum aquaticum were placed under the ‘manage weed’ category of the management priorities. To check the predictability and reliability of the AWRM scheme, we developed the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve that yielded a positive diagonal value of above 0.5, with 88.6% and 83.1% area under the curve for comparative weed risk (CWR) score and the feasibility of coordinated control (FOC) score, respectively. The outcomes of the ROC analysis were compared with the results of the WRM evaluation of other regions across the globe. Our results indicate that the risk assessment using the AWRM model is quite efficient at discriminating and flagging the most troublesome plant species and offsetting their impacts on native biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in wetland ecosystems. Given the growing threat of biological invasions in the protected areas, we recommend an integrated and strategic approach, well informed by the data on the species biology and ecology, in the form of the AWRM management system to effectively deal with the alarmingly spreading species. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
This article examines the fit (or lack thereof) between the competencies needed by the sport industry and the proficiency of sport management students. The authors apply importance–performance analysis as a strategic management tool to analyze the results of two competence-oriented datasets in a German context. They find that students’ self-identified proficiency is lower than the importance attributed to proficiency by industry experts. The authors critically discuss the absence of differences between the perceived performance of Bachelor’s and Master’s degree students and provide strategic recommendations for sport management higher education. The article highlights the development and communication of generic competencies as a unique selling proposition and reflect on the need to improve subject-specific competencies to further professionalize the field of sport management. Based on these results, a critical reflection of curriculum design in sport management higher education is needed. © The Author(s) 2021.
Medical education exists to prepare the physician workforce that our nation needs, but the COVID-19 pandemic threatened to disrupt that mission. Likewise, the national increase in awareness of social justice gaps in our country pointed out significant gaps in health care, medicine, and our medical education ecosystem. Crises in all industries often present leaders with no choice but to transform - or to fail. In this perspective, the authors suggest that medical education is at such an inflection point and propose a transformational vision of the medical education ecosystem, followed by a 10-year, 10-point plan that focuses on building the workforce that will achieve that vision. Broad themes include adopting a national vision; enhancing medicine's role in social justice through broadened curricula and a focus on communities; establishing equity in learning and processes related to learning, including wellness in learners, as a baseline; and realizing the promise of competency-based, time-variable training. Ultimately, 2020 can be viewed as a strategic inflection point in medical education if those who lead and regulate it analyze and apply lessons learned from the pandemic and its associated syndemics. © 2022 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.
Purpose: A review of previous studies on the voices of employees and knowledge workers clarifies that paying attention to employees' voice is critical in human resource management. However, limited studies have been conducted on it, and much less emphasis has been placed compared to other human resource management activities such as human resource planning. Therefore, the voice of knowledge employees has been one of the critical issues that have attracted a great deal of attention recently. Nonetheless, there is no evidence of various comprehensive and integrated voice mechanisms. As a result, this study aims to design knowledge workers' voice patterns in knowledge-based companies specialising in information and communication technology (ICT) in Iran in May and June 2020. Design/methodology/approach: This study is a qualitative grounded theory research. We collected the data from a target sample of 15 experts in knowledge-based ICT companies using in-depth semi-structured interviews. Since all the participants had practised the employee voice process, they were regarded as useful data sources. Data analysis was also performed using three-step coding (open, axial and selective) by Atlas T8, which eventually led to identifying 14 components and 38 selected codes. We placed identified components in a paradigm model, including Personality Characteristics, Job Factors, Economic Factors, Cultural Factors, Organisational Policies, Organisational Structure, Climate Of Voice in the Organisation, Management Factors, Emotional Events, Communications and Networking, Contrast and Conflict and, etc. Then, the voice pattern of the knowledge staff was drawn. Findings: The results showed that constructive knowledge voice influences the recognition of environmental opportunities and, additionally, it helps the competitive advantages among the employees. By forming the concept of knowledge staff voice, it can be concluded that paying attention to knowledge staff voice leads to presenting creative solutions to do affairs in critical situations. The presentation of these solutions by knowledge workers results in the acceptance of environmental changes, recognition and exploitation of new chances and ideas, and sharing experiences in Iranian knowledge-based companies. Practical implications: Strengthening and expanding the voice of employees in knowledge-oriented companies can pave the way to growth and development towards a higher future that prevents the waste of tangible and intangible assets. Originality/value: Companies' ability to engage in knowledge workers is a vital factor in human resource management and strategic management. However, the employee voice has not been involved integrally in the context of corporate. © 2021, Elahe Hosseini, Saeid Saeida Ardekani, Mehdi Sabokro and Aidin Salamzadeh.
This article examines the nexus between climate vulnerability, rights and litigation with a focus on the Global South. Reducing vulnerability is inherent to climate adaptation and the protection and realization of human rights. However, despite these linkages, vulnerability has been given scant attention in climate law literature. Through a more detailed understanding of vulnerability, we can identify a wider variety of cases that are relevant to why people are climate vulnerable and the potential for strategic interventions. Accordingly, using an interdisciplinary framework drawing upon political ecology, the article outlines two broad approaches to vulnerability: the hazards approach, based upon protecting people from the physical impacts of climate change; and the social vulnerability approach, which foregrounds the socio-political factors that underpin why particular groups of people are more vulnerable than others. India is then used as a case study to illustrate three types of litigation relevant from a vulnerability perspective: litigation on droughts, land conflicts and agrarian debt. These cases, though not traditionally defined as ‘climate litigation’, fundamentally concern issues of climate vulnerability, adaptation and rights. The cases demonstrate how different framings of climate vulnerability are embedded within the arguments and directions of the courts. Ultimately, the article argues that through a closer understanding of climate vulner-ability, litigation can be a vehicle for adaptation by identifying and tackling the structural causes of vulnerability and rights issues. © 2022 The Author and Edward Elgar Publishing Ltd.
Recent increases in prescription drug prices have drawn the attention of lawmakers and the media. A 2018 report from the US Department of Health and Human Services indicated that prices of brand drugs increased six times faster than inflation from 2011 to 2015. Even the presence of generics may not reduce prices effectively. Over the last five years, Medicare spending on brand drugs increased by 77% even as usage fell (NBC News, 2018). Several studies also indicate that certain therapeutic classes of drugs are becoming expensive and may result in a long-term financial impact on Medicare Part D. This research considers how coordinated, drug-specific partnerships between independent chain and mail-order pharmacies may be leveraged to reduce drug costs and/or increase supply chain profit. Specifically, we develop an optimization model to determine how many and which of a chain pharmacy's regions should be set up to handle mail-order demand of particular drugs under the objective of maximizing total profit to the partners. Computational results illustrate the value of such partnerships for drug cost reduction and highlight the extent to which a unified effort can generate additional profits for both parties and thus impact pricing for click-and-collect customers. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
This paper starts by observing that many licensing contracts contain explicit organizational arrangements for transferring the licensed technology, involving repeated and close interaction between the licensing partners. We argue that these interactions provide opportunities for the licensor to learn from the licensee. Using data on 1861 licensing deals of 254 pharmaceutical and biotech firms between 1995 and 2015, we show that licensors are more likely to cite the inventions from their licensing partner after an out-licensing deal than matched control firm-pairs that do not engage in licensing. The paper makes the following contributions: first, it demonstrates that not only licensees but also licensors can learn from licensing and that this reverse learning stems from the licensor-licensee relation. Second, it shows that firms can learn from directed outward knowledge transfers rather than non-deliberate knowledge spill-outs. Third, we show that the licensor's post-licensing behavior vis-à-vis the licensee reflects targeted learning by tapping into the most valuable components of the licensee's technology portfolio and those new to the licensor. Finally, the paper extends the theoretical framework behind strategic out-licensing decisions. We show that learning from out-licensing is an additional (positive) element in the trade-off faced by licensors in addition to short-term revenue generation and the risk of long-term rent dissipation. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
Problem definition: An increased incidence of quality issues, resulting in defective product returns (DPRs), is a concern for firms bringing innovative products to market. Although a firm can recover value from DPRs through refurbishing, consumers are known to act strategically in anticipation of the future availability of refurbished units. We study a firm’s strategy for offering a new product and refurbished DPRs to strategic consumers across time. Academic/practical relevance: Aided by emerging shopping tools, an increasing number of consumers consider buying refurbished versions of products rather than their new counterparts. A novel contribution of our work is the recognition of the refurbishing of DPRs as a possible solution to the time inconsistency problem that arises when a firm offers products to strategic consumers across time. We characterize how the product line decisions and profit of the firm are influenced by the defect rate, the perceived quality of refurbished DPRs, and consumers’ hassle cost of returns. Methodology: We develop a two-period game-theoretic model to characterize the firm offering the new product and refurbished DPRs to strategic consumers across time. Results: The refurbishing of DPRs helps the firm implicitly commit to limiting the quantity of the new product offered in the future, allowing the firm to charge a premium for the new product today. As a result, firm profit may even increase with the defect rate. These results persist across various model extensions. Managerial implications: Whereas the firm’s profit is the highest when there are no defects, opportunities to achieve marginal reductions in defect rates may not be worth the investment and may even be counterproductive. Also, efforts toward enhancing the perceived quality of the refurbished product or decreasing the hassle cost for consumers may better serve the firm than efforts toward marginally improving defect rates. © 2021 INFORMS
Navigation channels are critical maritime infrastructure that supports economic and recreational activities and intermodal freight supply chains, impacting broad areas of the hinterland. Maintenance of the maritime infrastructure is vital to the operations of the transportation system. This paper studies a strategic-level maritime infrastructure asset management problem: multi-year planning of navigation channel maintenance dredging and dredged material management. A mathematical model called dredging planning optimization model (DPOM) is developed to optimize channel dredging planning and dredged material management in confined disposal facilities (CDFs), accounting for practical constraints and considerations, including channel linkage and dependency, channel bundling, CDF accessibility and capacity, shoaling and navigability deterioration over time, reimbursable costs, channel economic values, etc. The problem is formulated as a mixed integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) model, with the objective of maximizing the total economic-value-weighted average navigability under fixed budget. The model can be reformulated as an equivalent mixed integer programming (MIP) model, which can be solved by the CPLEX solver, using the branch and bound algorithm. A heuristic algorithm called the dynamic planning prioritization (DPP) algorithm, is proposed in order to solve large-scale problems due to the computational complexity. DPP incorporates a dynamic ranking criterion to overcome the challenge of simultaneously handling all of the practical constraints and considerations, as well as the impact of channel prioritization on future year decisions. Finally, a real-world case study is proposed to illustrate the model results and demonstrate the effectiveness of the MIP model and the DPP algorithm. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Research Summary: This study investigates the importance of early life training for people's leadership roles later in the workplace. We focus on team leaders in industrial research and analyze changes in team leadership after the abandonment of the military draft by the United States in 1973. This policy produced a twofold effect on leadership training opportunities: it eliminated the training provided during the draft and reduced the incentives to pursue long-term education to defer conscription. Our results show a decrease in the probability of team leadership for men subject to the policy change. This effect, which is likely explained by the education channel, reduces over time. We discuss the implications of our findings for the formation of human capital to fulfill strategic leadership roles. Managerial Summary: The progressive shift toward team-based innovation practices puts organizations in need of new leaders. Whether leaders can be trained as such is, however, a controversial topic. We argue that one can learn to become a leader through life-changing experiences. Our results show that people who undergo pervasive leadership-enhancing opportunities early in life have higher chances of fulfilling leadership positions later in the workplace. Therefore, our study calls for the provision of early life, inclusive leadership enhancing opportunities to shape leadership attitudes and capabilities. These include formal education, corporate internships, and on-the-job training but could also span to other domains, such as political activism, associationism, and sporting activities. © 2021 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the expectations of and possible tensions in school leadership regarding the implementation of the 2014 Danish school reform and, by extension, to address emerging perspectives linking school leadership, learning and well-being. Design/methodology/approach: An analysis of central policy documents in the reform as well as research reports examining the role of leadership in the implementation of the reform offers insights into the new expectations of and tensions in school leadership. Drawing on theories of school leadership, the analysis highlights the various forms and aspects of school leadership that are at play in the reform. Findings: The analysis identifies expectations regarding school leadership, ranging from aspects of strategic leadership that focus on management by objectives and results to aspects that are closer to teaching, such as curriculum and instructional leadership. It furthermore highlights barriers with regard to realizing policy intentions of strengthening instructional leadership, such as encroaching upon pedagogical and curriculum leadership, which have traditionally been the domain of teachers. Meanwhile, the kind of leadership that can be practiced through data-based management by objectives and results seems to have been perceived as a more viable approach in the implementation of the reform. Research limitations/implications: The papers' theoretical and empirical foundation is rooted in Danish and Scandinavian perspectives on schooling, and thus the generalizability of the findings may be limited to countries with similar perspectives or “packages of expectations” on linking school leadership, learning and well-being. Originality/value: The paper provides an original contribution through its engagement with the tensions inherent in the specific “package of expectations” and new demands on school leadership in the 2014 school reform. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
The concept of biorefinery depends on the recuperation of higher-value chemicals with potential for a wide dissemination and an untapped marketability. To construct a clearer picture of rural waste treatment system, this work was conducted to critically review the foremost regularly utilized agricultural waste management technologies from their state of the art, challenges for setting up the biorefinery and system of circular economy with self-efficient business model. The drivers that can make the biorefinery concept appropriate to waste management and the conceivable outcomes for its improvement to full scale were examined. Technological, strategic and market imperatives influence the effective usage of these frameworks. This review discusses the state-of-the-art biorefinery opportunities beyond conventional strategies as an economically viable solution to overcome numerous current challenges such as waste minimization and the biosynthesis of different high-value bioproducts biorefinery strategies, integrated approach as well as economic and environmental impact were discussed. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This paper aims to identify global digital trends across industries and to map emerging business areas by co-word analysis. As the industrial landscape has become complex and dynamic due to the rapid pace of technological changes and digital transformation, identifying industrial trends can be critical for strategic planning and investment policy at the firm and regional level. For this purpose, the paper examines industry and technology profiles of top startups across four industries (i.e. education, finance, healthcare, manufacturing) using CrunchBase metadata for the period 2016-2018 and studies in which subsector early-stage firms bring digital technologies on a global level. In particular, we apply word co-occurrence analysis to reveal which subindustry and digital technology keywords/keyphrases appear together in startup company classification. We also use network analysis to visualize industry structure and to identify digitalization trends across sectors. The results obtained from the analysis show that gamification and personalization are emerging trends in the education sector. In the finance industry, digital technologies penetrate in a wide set of services such as financial transactions, payments, insurance, venture capital, stock exchange, asset and risk management. Moreover, the data analyses indicate that health diagnostics and elderly care areas are at the forefront of the healthcare industry digitalization. In the manufacturing sector, startup companies focus on automating industrial processes and creating smart interconnected manufacturing. Finally, we discuss the implications of the study for strategic planning and management. © 2022 The Author(s).
Demographic modelling can reveal options for improved conservation management, especially for rare or long-lived species not amenable to experimentation. Sturgeon (Acipenseridae) include many such species, endangered by demand for caviar, their unfertilized roe, and by dams blocking their migrations. Restocking of sturgeon populations with farm-raised individuals has probably prevented extinctions and widespread extirpations of some species, but it has rarely led to true recovery in Eurasia, given ongoing harvest. We used modified Leslie matrix models to test whether restocking with year-old juveniles instead of weeks-old fry could recover the critically endangered Amur sturgeon (Acipenser schrenckii), endemic to the Amur River basin along the Russia-China border. Without restocking, or even releasing an expert-recommended annual volume of young fry (10 million), we project that three of four Amur sturgeon populations will be nearly extirpated within 30 years. However, restocking with 5% as many (500 000) year-old juveniles annually could grow three populations (currently 0-425 mature females) and slow declines in another so that each has over 6400 mature females within 30 years. Retooling stocking efforts to use fewer juveniles that survive at higher rates than do small fry could buy time to reduce harvesting pressure on Amur sturgeon and for other related sturgeon species.  © The Author(s), 2022.
The surface energy balance from canopy to landscape scales in crop fields plays an essential role in surface-atmosphere interactions, and it is strongly influenced by the management strategies and field practices of farmers. To characterize how different agricultural practices of farmers affect the microenvironment in perennial crop fields, long-term observation of the radiation budget and energy components under different field practices was undertaken in two neighboring tea fields with different management strategies (a conventional operation and an organic-certified field managed by different farmers) in northern Taiwan. The results showed that the difference in the radiation budget in these two tea fields was minor (only 1% for net radiation), but the differences in the energy components were more significant (sensible heat was 10% lower and latent heat was 25% higher in the organic-certified field than in the conventional field) due to highly distinct practices in these two fields. This finding implies that the organic-certified application could lower the partitioning of sensible heat flux and increase the latent heat flux, thereby reducing the temperature variation and decreasing the vapor pressure deficit. The organic-certified field reduced the surface heating in terms of the long-term energy patterns. This study's findings also indicate that field practices in a conventional field can increase the sensible heat flux (51.5% at noon time) on short-term time scales, compared with only 9.6% in an organic-certified field. Furthermore, this study offers a comprehensive understanding of tea field practices, a scientific basis for in-field water conservation, and a quantitative analysis for modeling from micro to regional scales. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd.
Purpose: This paper aims to investigate how the product architecture and service architecture methodology can be applied in strategic maintenance optimization to reduce the non-value-adding variance of maintenance, decrease the complexity and ensure alignment in maintenance practices in asset-intensive companies. The proposed maintenance architecture model will make it possible to make data-driven decisions regarding how the equipment should be grouped and maintained. Design/methodology/approach: The research approach is considered exploratory, and the main research strategy is a case study. The maintenance architecture model is developed based on the product architecture methodology and then tested in three different cases in the oil and gas sector. Findings: Through the maintenance architecture model, it is possible to pair a quantitative data-driven approach with qualitative understanding of dependencies between equipment, maintenance actions and maintenance work management processes, enabling a more holistic and top-down data-driven approach to improving maintenance, than what currently exists in literature. Originality/value: The proposed model provides a contribution to the understanding of maintenance and is positioned at a detailed level, different from other maintenance improvement models. This model is focused on the main drivers of maintenance that can be utilized at the strategic level compared to optimization of maintenance for individual pieces of equipment. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
This article provides guidance for child and family service organizations seeking to develop useful performance metrics for their programs. It describes four frames for this work, based on strategic planning, decision points, logic modeling, and implementation science. These four frameworks are applied to two cases, an afterschool program and a therapeutic foster care program. Additional considerations are provided for reducing potential metrics to a meaningful few. © The Author(s) 2021.
The use of various tools for construction waste management throughout the planning and design (P&D) stage has several advantages. According to some research, building information modelling, or BIM, could be a valuable tool for predicting waste. This paper discusses how BIM could be used for pre-empting waste and reducing the course of the planning and design process of constructing a building. In Malaysia, a questionnaire survey of 340 construction experts was undertaken. Simultaneously, a regression analysis was carried out in order to determine the impact of BIM on the management of construction waste during the planning and design stage. This research could help many stakeholders in the construction industry to recognise various aspects of waste management, beginning with the planning and design stage of a project, which can be represented by designing a model that can be applied to mitigate waste during the construction of a building. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The UN Sustainable Development Goals specifically note the growing importance of land degradation management and mitigation strategies, advocating for global collaboration and innovative research and policy outlook. In this reflective summary, we synthesize the current worldview (post-2000) on land degradation neutrality (LDN), an emerging concept in the field of environmental sustainability that advocates a dynamic balance between degradation and restoration, to ensure no net loss in productive land resources. We first introduce the LDN Causal Framework (theoretical framework of LDN), followed by the Logic Model – guideline for on-ground LDN method implementation (comprising preparatory activities, followed by Integrated Land Use Planning (ILUP), and LDN Response Hierarchy (Avoid-Reduce-Reverse)). We draw attention to growing concerns about LDN technical problems: restore vs. rehabilitate; selecting indicator variables, and establishing a baseline. In the final section, we reflect on the social-ecological aspect of LDN – harnessing participatory action (multi-stakeholder engagement) and gender mainstreaming. Overall, LDN presents an umbrella vision for environmental regeneration and land capital management, that requires seamless integration of natural with social sciences, the policy with law, and requires strategic community mobilization. © 2022 Technoscience Publications. All rights reserved.
In most shopping areas, there are place management partnerships (PMPs) that aim to increase the competitiveness of the area. Collective digital marketing activities, such as the adoption and update of collective websites and social media pages, provide opportunities in this regard. Currently, the extent to which digital marketing activities are being employed varies widely among PMPs. However, studies investigating the factors that influence the uptake of digital marketing activities are lacking. This study applies a resource-based view to fill this gap, using data from an online survey about collective digital marketing activities among 164 official representatives of PMPs in urban shopping areas in the Netherlands. Regression analyses were employed to examine the extent to which the resources of PMPs influence the adoption and update frequency of the two most often used digital marketing channels: websites and social media pages. The results revealed that while the adoption of collective digital marketing channels is strongly influenced by the physical resources that characterize the shopping area itself, the update frequency of these channels is influenced more by the organizational resources of PMPs. In addition, the strategic choice of PMPs to deploy human and financial resources for the benefit of collective digital marketing activities leads to increased use of these activities. This effect is reinforced by the fact that digital marketing skills gained through experience contribute to a higher update frequency of the adopted channels. As such, this study provides empirical evidence on the influence of PMPs shared resources upon their digital marketing activities. © 2022 The Authors
Of all various kinds of natural resources that provide vital activity of all kinds of living organisms, people, society and state, the most important are water resources without the presence of which it is impossible not only for human life itself but also for the whole environment. Waters are the most important components of the environment, renewable, limited and vulnerable natural resources. They are used and protected as the basis of life and activities of the peoples living on the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan, provide economic, social, environmental well-being of the population, the existence of fauna and flora (Fedtsov, V.G., Fedtsova, A.V. and Ezhov, Y.A. 2005). Occupying the 9th place in the world in terms of the size of its territory, the Republic of Kazakhstan due to its geographical location, local climate, dependence on transboundary water resources and other reasons, belongs to the category of one of the poorly water-secured regions of the globe. This fact entails the need to organize the processes of the most careful attitude to water resources, the legal provision of its rational use and all-round protection from pollution, littering and depletion, in order to ensure water security not only for the citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, but also for all mankind. © 2022 by ASERS® Publishing. All rights reserved.
The majority of start-ups fail. But some succeed, and a very small number succeed spectacularly. And it is the stories of the sometimes vast wealth unlocked by the rare successes that drive entrepreneurs, with stars in their eyes, to embark on a start-up venture. Even though the odds are stacked against them, people still invest their time, effort and wealth pursuing their dreams. Start-ups are risky — very risky — and thus any efforts to reduce the enormous risks facing start-up founders must increase the odds of ultimate success. Risk management, therefore, should be a key focus for entrepreneurs and their investors. One of the many types of risk facing every firm is ‘strategic risk’, although for established companies this overarching risk is somewhat mitigated by their deep knowledge of the industries in which they operate and not least by their ready access to capital to grow their business (provided of course that the firm is not already in trouble). There are very many definitions of ‘strategy’ in business, but one, from the guru of competitive strategy, Michael Porter, is simple and clear: ‘[a strategy is] a broad formula for how a business is going to compete, what its goals should be and what policies will be needed to carry out those goals.’ So, if the founders of any company do not know how and with whom the firm is going to compete, what the goals/objectives should be, and how founders plan to achieve those goals, then their venture is unlikely to succeed. This paper identifies some of these critical ‘strategic risks’ by first identifying what is ‘strategy’ and why it is important, especially for start-ups. Then, using common strategy models, key risks for any company and some of the key strategic risks facing start-ups in finance are described. In particular, one extremely important aspect of strategic risk, that of strategic positioning risk, is covered in detail. There is no ‘magic bullet’ to eradicate risks, especially strategic risks, but to illustrate how strategic risks may, to a degree, be mitigated, the paper references three case studies of start-ups in the financial sector: one that has succeeded (to date), one that has failed and one somewhere in the middle. In these cases, the paper does not claim that success or failure is a result of formalised risk management processes, more that key decisions taken along the way addressed some critical strategic risks. The purpose of this paper is not to frighten entrepreneurs with the enormous task confronting them, but to provide a rough map of some terrain to avoid along their journey. There will be many potential pitfalls for every start-up — it makes sense to try to avoid some of the more obvious. © Henry Stewart Publications.
The ongoing transformation of the electricity market has reshaped the hydropower production paradigm for storage reservoir systems, with a shift from strategies oriented towards maximizing regional energy production to strategies aimed at the revenue maximization of individual systems. Indeed, hydropower producers bid their energy production scheduling 1 day in advance, attempting to align the operational plan with hours where the expected electricity prices are higher. As a result, the accuracy of 1-day ahead prices forecasts has started to play a key role in the short-term optimization of storage reservoir systems. This paper aims to contribute to the topic by presenting a comparative assessment of revenues provided by short-term optimizations driven by two econometric models. Both models are autoregressive time-adapting hourly forecasting models, which exploit the information provided by past values of electricity prices, with one model, referred to as Autoarimax, additionally considering exogenous variables related to electricity demand and production. The benefit of using the innovative Autoarimax model is exemplified in two selected hydropower systems with different storage capacities. The enhanced accuracy of electricity prices forecasting is not constant across the year due to the large uncertainties characterizing the electricity market. Our results also show that the adoption of Autoarimax leads to larger revenues with respect to the use of a standard model, increases that depend strongly on the hydropower system characteristics. Our results may be beneficial for hydropower companies to enhance the expected revenues from storage hydropower systems, especially those characterized by large storage capacity. © 2022 The Authors
Chinese firms increasingly engage in risky strategic asset-seeking acquisitions in developed economies. Realizing the potential value of these acquisitions requires a careful integration process. Based on an analysis of Geely's acquisition of Volvo in 2010, we develop a spiraling model that helps us understand these post-acquisition integration processes. We identify that external and internal legitimacy issues and pressures for value creation are the main factors influencing the integration process. In combination and over time, these forces lead to different configurations of symbolic management (geared to address legitimacy concerns) and substantive management (aimed at the realization of synergies). In the Geely-Volvo case this led to four stages through which the integration process proceeded — distancing, balancing, building, and diversifying. Other comparable acquisitions may go through slightly different phases, depending on circumstances, but we expect the same set of forces to mold these integration processes in similar ways. © 2021
Mountain forest dynamics and ecosystems services are critically influenced by disturbances, in particular storm events. After extensive disturbance, the large amount of deadwood lying on ground and the necessity for restoring the forest cover with natural regeneration are two critical issues to be dealt with. Salvage logging is the most common post-disturbance management strategy, but it does not consider the strategic role of coarse woody debris (CWD) in favoring regeneration establishment and survival. The aim of this study is to analyze how CWD contributes to creating favorable microsites for regeneration, increasing seedling establishment probability, after a large windthrow in the eastern Italian Alps. We focused on two different facilitative mechanisms provided by CWD, microsite amelioration and seedling protection, by planting a set of seedlings in the surroundings of deadwood elements. The former mechanism was analyzed by measuring temperature and SWC (Soil Water Content) locally, while for the latter we recorded evidence of browsing at the end of the season. For each trial, we established control sites in empty areas nearby with no CWD presence in order to infer its contribution. The results show that north-facing microsites on south-exposed slopes offer significantly lower temperature and fewer water stress for saplings, in comparison to south-facing microsites. More in general, saplings on deadwood-mitigated microsites are less exposed to desiccation, which mitigates the transplanting shock and facilitates the establishment. Moreover, the presence of lying deadwood increases roughness and, as a consequence, the cost for browsers to reach the seedlings. Using a coefficient expressing this increment, we underline the significant protective effect of CWD against deer browsing. The results of our study highlight the importance of deadwood in providing favorable regeneration microsites, enhancing the probability of sapling establishment and survival, protecting them from deer browsing. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
Purpose: This study was developed in response to the need to develop age-friendly smart living environments due to the complex demands placed on society by the ageing of the population. This study aims to analyse the potential that knowledge visualisation offers collaborative decision-making applied to the development of a multiple criteria framework supporting knowledge management (KM) through knowledge collaboration (KC) and knowledge sharing (KS) in the context of regional innovation systems (RIS). Design/methodology/approach: Using a socio-technical approach, knowledgeable and experienced representatives of RIS innovation actors were brought together to develop a constructivist multiple criteria framework that integrates knowledge visualisation and collaborative decision-making techniques (i.e. cognitive mapping and system dynamics). Findings: The study introduces a multiple criteria model supporting KM encompassing conditions and practices of RIS innovation actors facilitating and encouraging KC and KS. The potential for knowledge visualisation in collaborative decision-making is explored in great depth and illustrated in a case study setting. Practical implications: The panel members who participated in this study consider our methodological proposal to be extremely versatile and see great potential for further applications in RIS contexts. Originality/value: The combined use of cognitive mapping and system dynamics according to the strategic options development and analysis (SODA) approach offers a holistic and well-informed perspective on the issue in question. The literature reports no prior work of this methodological combination in the same research context. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: This paper proposes an integrated knowledge visualization and digital twin system for supporting strategic management decisions. The concepts and applications of strategic architecture have been illustrated with a concrete real-world case study and decision rules of using the strategic digital twin management decision system (SDMDS) as a more visualized, adaptive and effective model for decision-making. Design/methodology/approach: This paper integrates the concepts of mental and computer models and examines a real case's business operations by applying system dynamics modelling and digital technologies. The enterprise digital twin system with displaying real-world data and simulations for future scenarios demonstrates an improved process of strategic decision-making in the digital age. Findings: The findings reveal that data analytics and the visualized enterprise digital twin system offer better practices for strategic management decisions in the dynamic and constantly changing business world by providing a constant and frequent adjustment on every decision that affects how the business performs over both operational and strategic timescales. Originality/value: In the digital age and dynamic business environment, the proposed strategic architecture and managerial digital twin system converts the existing conceptual models into an advanced operational model. It can facilitate the development of knowledge visualization and become a more adaptive and effective model for supporting real-time management decision-making by dealing with the complicated dependence of constant flow of data input, output and the feedback loop across business units and boundaries. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Anthropogenic activities have reshaped the structure and function of ecosystems in global urban agglomerations. Evaluating the spatiotemporal features of ecosystem health for sustainable and high-quality development and the strategic deployment of ecological civilisation in urban agglomerations is essential. However, existing research lacks a multi-scale assessment of ecosystem health in urban agglomerations, limiting governments in formulating effective ecosystem management policies. To bridge this gap, a multi-scale assessment of ecosystem health at the county and township levels in the Middle Reaches of the Yangtze River Urban Agglomerations (MRYRUA) in China was conducted using the ‘Pressure-State-Response’ framework. The results showed that most units (> 70%) were at a moderately healthy level, while only a small proportion (< 10%) was at a healthy level from 2000 to 2015 at both scales. The ecosystem health level in the surrounding and central mountainous areas was significantly higher than that in the plain areas. Our results demonstrated that the overall ecosystem health index in the MRYRUA continued to decrease during the study period at both scales. The ecosystem health in the key cities, the surrounding units of the key cities, and the units along the main traffic routes were low. This study provides an overview of ecosystem health and a scientific basis for landscape planning and ecosystem restoration in the MRYRUA. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
In the face of increasing global uncertainty, multinational enterprises (MNEs) have turned to downsizing to maintain profitability while emphasizing lateral collaboration to increase productivity. Here, we establish a conceptual framework and examine from a macro-to-micro perspective how the growing subjects of subsidiary role change, team alignment and employee engagement impact lateral collaboration. We used structural equation modelling to analyse the results of 252 surveys given to MNE subsidiaries in the Taiwanese banking industry and found that employee engagement was central to driving lateral collaboration effectiveness, indicating that the subsidiary role is critical for boundary-spanning activities and building bridges between various teams. These activities in turn enhance subsidiary performance and lead to better people development. Our findings demonstrate that bundling employee engagement with human resource practices is a strategic way of positioning for the evolution of subsidiary management. © 2021 The Authors. Human Resource Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
As a student at Princeton University, John C. Bogle wrote his senior thesis on the mutual fund industry, which led to a job at Wellington Management Company. Bogle quickly climbed the ranks and led Wellington into a merger that, despite early success, soon failed. Bogle was fired as CEO of Wellington. From this calamitous career setback, Bogle rose phoenix-like from the ashes to start Vanguard. Bogle’s first major strategic move at Vanguard was the creation of the first index mutual fund. Both Vanguard and the index fund struggled to gain traction at first, but Bogle’s optimism and “missionary zeal” for low-cost investing never wavered. Once derided as “Un-American” and “settling for average,” indexing eventually caught on with investors and has now gained wide acceptance, with Bogle serving as indexing’s most prominent advocate for decades. In the latter part of his career, Bogle became the conscience of the industry, tirelessly advocating for reforms that would serve the interests of investors. Copyright 2022 With Intelligence Ltd.
Recent complex changes of the organizational environment urge the boards of directors of energy corporations to step up quickly in crises (e.g., COVID-19) and foster innovation, to seize new strategic opportunities (e.g., environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investments). The purpose of the study is to provide in-depth analyses of ESG projects during the COVID-19 pandemic, through the lens of an emerging theoretical approach, dynamic corporate governance (CG). The research is built on the multi-case study method at large energy companies and energy startups. The research goal was to empirically analyze theoretical opportunities of dynamic board behavior in this research context. The major findings show that ESG projects faced serious challenges in the fast-changing organizational environment generated by COVID-19, which induced board intervention regarding innovation, networks, and organizational changes. This study is among the first to offer a novel theoretical viewpoint, by integrating CG and strategic management theories, besides the already dominant financial and reporting aspects. From a practical perspective, our conclusions might direct the attention of boards of directors toward innovation, networks, and organizational changes, in order to enable adaptation in turbulent times and increase sustainability in the social and environmental dimensions. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Severe sediment disaster has already been observed locally and worldwide, and serious disasters will happen increasingly in the future due to climate change. Hence, developing a proper reservoir desilitation strategy is an urgent priority to ensure sustainable water resources development worldwide. This study aims to investigate the release efficiency of the bypass tunnel in the reservoir. Firstly, a 2D numerical model was adapted to reproduce the most severe sedimentation disaster due to Typhoon Aere and obtain a reliable result compared with the measured data. Then, the concept of climate change was embedded to understand the release capability of the bypass tunnel under slight to worst scenarios. Finally, the bypass tunnel is demonstrated to be effective in releasing sediment during typhoon periods and prolonging the reservoir lifespan. In conclusion, this study proposes a proper solution to reservoir sedimentation during extreme flooding events. The optimization of water resources and economic benefits can help reservoir management achieve the goal of sustainable development. The presented research can be promoted in the worldwide reservoir to face the possibly severe sediment disaster under the threat of climate change. © 2022 The Authors.
This article examines what the arts sector needs from arts managers to build capacity in order to respond to the changing external environment. The authors investigate employment practices that help organizations to be strategic and sustainable and to deliver public value. Through a survey of Australian arts organizations and peak bodies, they identify the workforce challenges facing the sector and the arts management skills prioritized by employers. They compare these findings with the skills and capabilities identified in the literature. Their analysis reveals that employers look for a disappointingly narrow set of skills to meet immediate demands and reach short-term solutions. Rather than building resilience, the sector is manifesting resistance to change and inertia in the face of uncertainty. The authors argue that workforce employment strategies need to allow for the valuing of more creative, diverse, and entrepreneurial skills and for the arts/cultural workforce to be understood by employers as a critical constituent of its dynamic capabilities. © 2022, Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales. All rights reserved.
Biological diversity has been recognized as a global asset that is key to the well-being and survival of present and future generations. In response to massive destruction of the world’s ecosystems, the international community has agreed on several initiatives, most importantly, the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in 1992, which is the basis of the Strategic Plan for Biodiversity 2011–2020, and the 20 Aichi Biodiversity Targets. A central instrument of these initiative are protected areas. The nine Amazonian countries alone, have designated 390 million hectares of protected forest areas, some of which are under very heavy pressure. As explicitly stated in Aichi Targets 11, 17, and 18, the effective governance and management of these protected areas requires the active participation of indigenous and other local resource user groups and respect for their traditional knowledge and customary practices. This manuscript analyzes to what extent and in which way these targets have been achieved by analyzing three transboundary protected areas in Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia constituted of five national parks. The analysis shows that important progress has been made in terms of the local participation and the generation and sharing of economic benefits, mostly due to the engagement of non-governmental organization (NGOs) funded from overseas development assistance (ODA) sources. However, many of the established mechanisms show major shortcomings, such as power imbalances, lack of legitimacy of decision-makers, unclear responsibilities, unresolved logistical challenges, and the lack of financial support. In addition, the functionality of local governance structures is severely threatened by the vagaries of national policies that often put biodiversity conservation and economic development at loggerheads. In order to ensure the functionality of protected areas in the Amazon region, binding and sufficient commitments by national governments are needed for genuine and effective local governance. Copyright © 2022 Cano Cardona, de Jong and Pokorny.
This paper aims to deepen the insights into specific policy and planning prerequisites that affect how bicycle logistics services can be initiated and established in urban environments. Empirical data consist of policy documents and qualitative interviews with bicycle logistics entrepreneurs and local policy actors from four Swedish municipalities which are all known for their ambitious strategies for sustainable transport. The paper leads to insights into a variety of challenges facing the introduction of bicycle logistics in urban environments but points also to possibilities and key issues for the further development of these types of concepts. Among these are the importance of targeted initiatives and support for new concepts for sustainable urban freight, but also conscious strategies for infrastructure development and a more well-informed use of public procurement processes. In addition, the study confirms the importance of norms, attitudes and knowledge among policy makers, planners and potential customers about bicycle logistics and its potential for urban areas. © 2022 The Author(s)
The evaluation of financial performance and profitability for the banking sector has become more important with the recent economic developments, increasing competitive environment, technological developments, and globalization. Banks are one of the most important factors of the financial structures of the countries. Performance measurement and evaluation both determine the positions of banks in the sector and have strategic importance in process management for the country's economy. Banks can evaluate the situation required to create competitive advantage and interpret their potential to take risks with performance measurement. In this study, a financial performance analysis is examined by determining the criteria and weights that affect the financial performance of banks. Based on relevant criteria, the first seven banks are ranked in total assets according to reports received from The Banks Association of Turkey for 2014–2018 financial year and a performance evaluation is done by using the fuzzy COPRAS and Entropi-COPRAS (complex proportional assessment) methods. The criterion weights are determined by the entropy method and banks are ranked in terms of their financial performance by the COPRAS method. Fuzzy approaches are preferred as risk, uncertainty and competition continue to increase in the banking sector. This research adopts fuzzy COPRAS as a fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making technique to determine the weight of each criterion and the importance of alternatives, apart from the entropy and COPRAS approaches. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
Renewable integration to the existing grid has potent to meet the epidemic energy demand, contributing to lowering of carbon footprints. The integration of these renewables especially at the distribution end has enhanced the network sustenance and has elevated the conventional grid toward smart grid. The amount of power that can be injected into the power system without violating the network parameters is termed as hosting capacity (HC) of the network. Thus, inclusion of additional renewable in the form of distributed energy resources (DERs) in the distribution side requires detailed HC assessment. But the uncertain nature of both the DERs and load causes HC governing parameters (voltage, ampacity, and total harmonic distortion [THD]) to waver with time. Due to these changing parameters, HC becomes indecisive, embarking the need of dynamic customary operational hosting capacity (DCOHC) assessment. Additionally, online change of the HC is also infrequent in conventional power injection control strategy. In this article, DCOHC assessment, improvement, and control for sustainable energy management are proposed through decentralization of controllers at the respective nodes, since these decentralized controllers are immune to data loss. Provision of controlling flexibility from utility control center (UCC) is also proposed to have a wide area monitoring and control facility leading to enhancement of situational awareness of the network. This strategy provides an innovative provision of online retuning of the governing parameters periodically based on necessary addition or removal of DERs, both from local controller and UCC level. Stipulation of maximum real-time injection can be attained by maintaining governing parameters within anticipated strategic optimal operational HC (OOHC) region leading to most optimum usage of integrated DERs. The regulated operation of the controller is maintained with inclusion of considerable amount of additional DERs without adversely affecting the governing network parameters. Thus, maximizing the DCOHC of the network without compromising on the dynamic network parameters and performance of the power system in real-time is extensively emphasized. To claim the efficacy of the aforesaid, a 5-bus system, balanced reconfigured IEEE 33-bus and unbalanced reconfigured IEEE 33-bus distribution system is tested for DCOHC using MATLAB and real-time Typhoon hardware-in-loop. © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The increased use of drones and air-taxis is expected to make airspace resources more congested, necessitating the use of unmanned aircraft systems traffic management (UTM) initiatives to ensure safe and efficient operations. Typically, strategic UTM involves solving an optimization problem that ensures that proposed flight schedules do not exceed airspace and vertiport capacities. However, the dynamic nature and low lead-time of applications such as on-demand delivery and urban air mobility traffic may reduce the efficiency and fairness of strategic UTM. We first discuss the adaptation of three fairness metrics into a traffic flow management problem (TFMP). Then, with computational simulations of a drone package delivery scenario in Toulouse, we evaluate trade-offs in the TFMP between efficiency and fairness, as well as between different fairness metrics. We show that system fairness can be improved with little loss in efficiency. We also consider two approaches to the integrated scheduling of both high lead-time flights (i.e., flights with a schedule known in advance) and low lead-time flights in a rolling horizon optimization framework. We compare the performance of both approaches for different horizon lengths and under varying proportions of high and low lead-time flights. © 2021, Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt e.V.
Oyster farming for black pearl production is central in French Polynesia. It is the second source of national income and provides substantial job opportunities, notably in remote atolls. However, this sector has been undermined by successive crises, such as mass-mortalities of wild and farmed oyster stocks that have impacted entire lagoons. An option to revive the activity consists of reintroducing oysters in strategic benthic locations selected to maximize reproduction and dispersal of larvae throughout the lagoon, hence promoting recolonization and spat collection for farming. For Takaroa, a Tuamotu atoll recently impacted by mortalities, a systematic prioritization approach identified these restocking sites, using environmental and socio-economic criteria such as: location of suitable habitats for oyster settlement, larval connectivity estimated from hydrodynamic circulation model, farming waste accumulation, and opportunity cost to fishers and farmers who lose access to restocking areas. This approach provides managers with a portfolio of restocking options. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
Vehicle-to-grid is a promising source of the shallow storage needed for Australia's energy transition. However, it is a niche innovation dependent on other new technologies. The paper describes the Australian vehicle-to-grid niche via examination of a trial and sets an agenda for niche development. The multi-level perspective provides understanding of the processes of socio-technical transitions and strategic niche management provides a tool for facilitating development and linking with policy. The study found that the Australian vehicle-to-grid niche is at an embryonic stage and is yet to stabilise into a dominant form. Variety and non-technical learning are lacking and expectations underestimate the significance of existing infrastructures and user factors as well as the scope of complementary technologies. Greater experimentation with users and installation premises are recommended, plus engaging more actors and intermediaries. The study concludes with directions for further research in multi-system interactions and transitions in importer countries like Australia. © 2022
Strategic alliances are increasingly important to firms, yet many alliances do not achieve their goals. This lack of success can be attributed to poor mitigation of risks related to performance and to managing relationships. Current conceptualizations of the capability to manage the post-formation stage of alliances overly focus on mitigation of relationship management risks, and as a result do not fully address both types of risks. We draw on Social Exchange theory, the Resource Based View and Transactions Costs Economics to extend the conceptualization of alliance management capability (AMC) by adding specific justice-related activities and resource management skills to the extant conceptualizations. We focus our attention on the post formation stage. We test our hypotheses using a sample of 154 Indian firms engaged in strategic alliances in the IT industry and we find support for our extended conceptualization of AMC and a strong positive association with alliance performance. We also demonstrate that our extended conceptualization provides additional explanatory power in relation to alliance performance than the original AMC. Implications for managers and opportunities for future research are explored. © 2021
The objective of this paper is to examine practices for incorporating resilience by transportation agencies. This paper presents findings from state-wide interviews and survey of personnel in transportation organizations throughout Texas. This study is focused on resilience planning and practices (not emergency management and evacuation planning). The research examines the state of resilience incorporation in transportation project planning and development. Our analysis reveals the gap between resilience research and engineering practice and highlights the need for innovative and practical methods, processes, and information for resilience integration. The findings suggest that while there are a few available frameworks for incorporating resilience, the implementation of these tools varies significantly in different districts and organizations. Elements needed to facilitate consideration of resilience in transportation planning and project development include proper policy and procedures, adequate funding and financing, knowledgeable staff, within- and cross-organization coordination, and proper tools, metrics, and data. This research helps facilitate prioritization and strategic improvement of efforts for resilience integration in transportation planning and project development. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The global employment landscape will continue to change due to new technologies, in particular automation, online collaboration tools, and artificial intelligence. The shortage of skilled workers and the growing jobs of e-tourism employees are a challenge for maintaining day-to-day operations. It is crucial to develop a digital recruitment strategy and communicate a good employer brand, supported by targeted digital advertising. This study aims to identify the impact of social networks on the effectiveness of digital human resources recruitment strategies in tourism. On the basis of a sample of 620 respondents who had experience of the digital recruitment of human resources in the tourism sector, the collected data was analyzed using structural equation modeling. The results underline the high relevance of building these strategies, as professional communication in social networks is the key to successful work in sustainable human resources practices. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The interactive operation of multiple combined cooling, heating, and power (CCHP) systems can improve the performance of regional integrated energy systems by exploiting the spatiotemporal complementarity of loads. The interaction of various energy networks in the interactive combined cooling, heating, and power (ICCHP) system introduces new challenges to the optimization of the operation strategy. An interactive operation strategy based on the energy complementarity characteristics of the following electric load, following thermal load, and following hybrid electric–heating load operation strategies is proposed in this paper. To investigate the interaction effect on the system performance and the effect mechanisms when it operates interactively between different users, the load heat-to-power ratio of users was first classified and abstracted. Then, the performances of the ICCHP between two users with different loads and between two users with the same loads are analyzed separately. Finally, the effect of a third user was investigated to expand the application of the interactive operating strategy to the multi-user mode. The results showed that the interaction between CCHP systems with different loads can make use of the complementarity between different loads and the energy complementarity of operation strategies, which greatly improves the performance of the ICCHP system. CCHP systems with the same loads can only rely on the energy complementarity of the operation strategies, leading to less improvement in performance. In addition, the performance of the ICCHP system will be significantly improved in the three-CCHP interactive mode if the performance of the third building is higher in independent operation. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
This article introduces PMOTO, a quick strategic and low-cost appraisal tool to identify a short-list of the most promising transport policies to mitigate the adverse impact of motorcycle usage on the city environment. Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, were selected as test cases for PMOTO with the same set of policy scenarios built on policy inputs such as tax, charges, fuel efficiency, emission costs, demand management, road-based travel, parking fees and public transport services. The relative merits of different policy options will be analysed and compared in each city and between the two cities. © 2022 National Institute of Urban Affairs.
Biomass refinery system is gradually maturing as an emerging technology for waste management and carbon neutral, but bio-oil distillation sludge (DS) as an unexpected product significantly hampers the continuous operation of the system and hazards human health. Herein, we conducted a comparative investigation on the gasification characteristics of bio-oil distillation sludge char (DSc) and walnut shell char (WSc) to explore the clean and efficient strategy for disposal of DS. The biochar was prepared on a fixed bed reactor under two different temperatures (900 °C and 1100 °C), followed by being gasified on a thermogravimetric analyzer with the purposes of evaluating the gasification behaviors and kinetic evolution. Meanwhile, machine learning approach (back-propagation neural network as an example) and thermodynamic equilibrium simulations were innovatively adopted to predict the gasification performances and ash deposition characteristics, respectively. The results indicated the gasification reactivities for WSc varied with gasification conditions and preparation temperatures, whereas the DSc reactivity was far lower than that of WSc. Gasifying WSc accompanied with the development of porous structures and thus was kinetically fitted by random pore model well. However, the gasification process for DSc was more representative by volume model and grain model. The back-propagation neural network performed an excellent prediction effect on gasifying DSc and WSc under whatever (non–)isothermal conditions, with the correlation coefficients beyond 0.9983. In addition, mineral compositions and ash deposition prediction indicated the presence of potassium and calcium in WSc induced the decreased melting temperatures of ash, and thus severe ash slagging and fouling, while DSc ash, composed of iron and silicon, exhibited flocculent morphology and was difficult to deposit. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
This article examines the need and opportunities to implement vertical green in Ljubljana as a case of a medium-sized European city with a relatively green feel. Sustainability-oriented urban development supports the introduction of nature-based solutions in principle; however, there is a lack of vertical green as well as actual legislative and administrative support. Therefore, several methods were applied in the present study to link this idea to execution, starting with semi-structured interviews and a workshop for selected city officials. Legislative and formal backgrounds for implementation were then assessed. An inventory of green façades and other structures (e.g., noise barriers and retaining walls) in Ljubljana was prepared, and a geographic information system-based decision support system was developed to identify the potential areas in the city where additional green space elements would be most favourable for humans, the environment, and climate indicators. The results reveal a gap between opportunities and the actual situation. The general opinion that there is never too much green space in urban areas is confirmed by direct information from the city administration and strategic documents. There are many potential sites for implementation; however, this is hindered by ownership, management, and economic issues. The study concludes with some suggestions for following the best practices in other central European capitals, such as Vienna and Berlin. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The Chennai aquifer system, which occupies an area of 6629 km2, is one of the most stressed aquifer systems in southern India and is under severe threat of over exploitation and quality deterioration. This is due to the increasing groundwater abstraction for irrigation, domestic, industrial purposes and for drinking water supply to the ever-expanding Chennai city. To offset the effect of this heavy extraction a paradigm shift towards groundwater management was imperative. A multidisciplinary integrated approach was used to map the aquifers, delineate their geometry, to determine the hydraulic behavior of the aquifer system, and to formulate an aquifer management plan through the development of a groundwater flow model. The main aquifers in the area include weathered and fractured crystalline rocks and recent alluvial formation. Alluvium is the most significant aquifer system in the study area, and this aquifer contains potable quality groundwater except in the eastern part of the study area that has been affected by seawater intrusion. A two-layered groundwater flow model was developed using Visual MODFLOW classic version 4.6 with a 1 km2 grid pattern to simulate groundwater flow for a period of 9 years. The model was calibrated under steady and transient state conditions and allowed components of the water balance of the system to be determined at a regional scale. The simulated results indicate that this aquifer system is under tremendous stress at the prevailing groundwater withdrawal rate of 899 million cubic meter (mcm)/year and would become unstable with the predicted 25% increase in groundwater withdrawal by 2025. However, the interventions to recharge an additional 54 mcm of water could help mitigate the current decline in potentiometric heads and could partially help to arrest the further advancement of seawater intrusion. A scenario of maintaining flow in rivers for a period of 120 days each year coupled with the construction of an unlined canal shows increase in groundwater head and development of the groundwater mounds, which are positive signs for arresting the decline of the water table and pushing saline groundwater in a seaward direction. As a result of the high rate of groundwater depletion in the area, management strategies need to be implemented urgently in the region. These strategies should include the regulation of groundwater abstraction and maintaining an extended flow period in the rivers. These measures are required to improve the sustainability of the available groundwater resources of the region. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to develop an original model and a solution procedure for solving jointly three main strategic fleet management problems (fleet composition, replacement and make-or-buy), taking into account interdependencies between them. Design/methodology/approach: The three main strategic fleet management problems were analyzed in detail to identify interdependencies between them, mathematically modeled in terms of integer nonlinear programing (INLP) and solved using evolutionary based method of a solver compatible with a spreadsheet. Findings: There are no optimization methods combining the analyzed problems, but it is possible to mathematically model them jointly and solve together using a solver compatible with a spreadsheet obtaining a solution/fleet management strategy answering the questions: Keep currently exploited vehicles in a fleet or remove them? If keep, how often to replace them? If remove then when? How many perspective/new vehicles, of what types, brand new or used ones and when should be put into a fleet? The relatively large scale instance of problem (50 vehicles) was solved based on a real-life data. The obtained results occurred to be better/cheaper by 10% than the two reference solutions – random and do-nothing ones. Originality/value: The methodology of developing optimal fleet management strategy by solving jointly three main strategic fleet management problems is proposed allowing for the reduction of the fleet exploitation costs by adjusting fleet size, types of exploited vehicles and their exploitation periods. © 2020, Adam Redmer.
Paying particular attention to global development problems during the last stages of its programs, the North-Eastern Federal University named after M. K. Ammosov, within the priorities until 2025, identified the northern territories and the territories of the Arctic zone as a key geostrategic priority. To take a more active stanсe and gradually bring its initiatives to support the socio-economic development of the northern territories to the level of international cooperation, the North-Eastern Federal University named after M. K. Ammosov needs broader support from the regional community, as well as knowledge of how SDGs are understood at the university level. Also, there is a need for help from external stakeholders. The study “The university is an intellectual, innovative, and spiritual platform for the sustainable development of the northern territories,” conducted on a sample of more than 2,000 people, allowed us to form an evidence base for integrating the UN SDGs global agenda into the strategic development of the university. © 2022, North American Business Press. All rights reserved.
Building resilience to environmental change is an integral part of long-term climate adaptation planning and local policy. There is an increased understanding of the impact of climate change on global crop production however, little focus has been given to local adaptation pathways and rural smallholder community responses, especially regarding food security. It is becoming increasingly evident that local level decision-making plays a vital role in reducing vulnerability to environmental change. This research aimed to qualitatively investigate coping and adaptive strategies adopted by smallholder farming households to respond to the impacts of drought in rural KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. Focus group discussions (n = 7) consisting of 5–9 participants and individual interviews (n = 9) using pre-tested topic guides, involving a total of 57 adults were conducted in rural areas of drought-affected districts: Msinga, Richmond and Umbumbulu of KwaZulu-Natal, in July 2018. The data were analysed using thematic analysis in NVivo 12. Thematic analysis identified three principal themes: 1. Perceived effects of droughts on the local food system and diets; 2. Current coping strategies; and 3. Enablers for successful adaptation. All sites reported a change in food consumption habits, with the majority perceiving drought to be the main driver behind a shift from vegetable-based to starch-based diets and decreased animal source food consumption. Only short-term coping strategies were implemented across the study sites. However, knowledge of long-term adaptation strategies existed but was unattainable to most respondents. Recommendations of perceived context-specific long-term adaptation strategies that could be used at a local scale were communicated by the respondents. However, they would need external help to actualize them. A need exists to support smallholder communities’ short-term response methods to drought to achieve more holistic resilience and successful adaptation. Short-term adaptation strategies, if implemented alone, often have significant trade-offs with longer-term adaptation and building resilience. This study highlights the need for targeted, contextualised policy solutions to improve smallholder productivity during drought through a strategic combination of both short- and longer-term adaptation measures, i.e. short-term adaptation should be guided by a long-term adaptation strategy. Proper planning, including the use of climate scenarios combined with information on nutritional status, is needed to develop context-specific and transformative adaptation strategies. These strategies should aim to strengthen resilience at a local level and should be included as policy recommendations. © 2022 The Authors
Purpose: This paper aims to explain the implementation process of risk management (RM) practices as a trade facilitation initiative in a public organization undergoing public sector reform and modernization processes in Jordan. Design/methodology/approach: The paper draws on the institutional theory and presents a qualitative case study of Jordan Customs (JC). It synthesizes an institutional isomorphism framework to interpret the interplay between the JC institutional environment and the JC RM practices. The data were collected and analyzed by using the triangulation of interviews, observations and documents. Findings: The study findings reveal that JC has experienced institutional pressures that mobilize the emerging of RM as a managerial tool that contributes to facilitating international trade, improving state revenues and reducing the public budget deficit. To be internationally recognized, JC benchmark its RM practices with international practices recommended by International Agencies such as World Customs Organizations (WCO). The study concludes that RM practices have been tailored and aligned with the JC’s external and internal context and role and RM has been embedded as an integral part of all organizational processes including strategic and business planning, as well as all accounting change and management activities. The study finds that coercive, normative and mimetic pressures are the driving forces with coercive mechanisms being the most influential. Research limitations/implications: This paper has important implications for practitioners, academics and students, as well as international donors especially U.S. Agency for International Development. It mainly depends on the analysis of documents and records to elucidate the development of RM, yet corroborated by interviews. It also uses a retrospective approach with interviewees being asked to describe, explain and reflect upon the events they had experienced during the JC change processes. Practical implications: This paper significantly contributes to the scarce of knowledge that currently exists about RM in the public sector of developing countries and in particular “customs administrations.” It recognizes how the public sector in Jordan responded to the international community and WCO’s recommendation in implementing RM. Originality/value: This study shows that JC’s experience of institutional pressures mobilized by the enactment of RM as a managerial tool that enabled a higher quality of custom services, trade facilitation, improvement of state revenues and a reduction of the state’s budget deficit. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Water contaminated with microbiological and chemical constituents can cause a variety of diseases. Water bodies may become contaminated by wild and domestic animal feces, agricultural runoff or sewage, and are often overlooked as a reservoir and source of human infection by pathogenic microorganisms. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the presence of the zoonotic pathogens, Salmonella spp. and Listeria monocytogenes, in various water bodies located in urban and rural areas in the north of Portugal. Water samples were collected from six sites, including natural and artificial ponds, in two different time periods. Several water quality physicochemical parameters, as well as fecal indicator bacteria, were evaluated. High levels of total coliforms (>1.78 log CFU/100 mL) were detected in all samples, and substantial numbers of Enterococcus (>2.32 log CFU/100 mL) were detected in two ponds located in a city park and in an urban garden. Escherichia coli counts ranged from undetectable to 2.76 log CFU/100 mL. Salmonella spp. was isolated from two sites, the city park and the natural pond, while L. monocytogenes was isolated from three sites: the city garden, the natural pond and the artificial pond, both in the rural area. These data show that artificial and natural ponds are a reservoir of fecal indicator bacteria and enteric and zoonotic pathogens. This may impact the potential risks of human infections by potential contaminants during recreational activities, being important for assessing the water quality for strategic management of these areas. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Satun Geopark is the first UNESCO Global Geopark of Thailand, locating in Satun province, southern peninsular. Regarding geotourism, this area is unique and of international interest, where abundance of outstanding karst-related geosites exist. However, endowed with such geosites in the region poses high potential sinkhole vulnerability. This study aims in evaluating the sinkhole hazard in this area by means of geophysical investigation and susceptibility hazard assessment. Extensive subsurface studies include the determination of sediment covers, bedrock topography, where cavities, fractures and trigger conditions were extracted from electrical resistivity tomography (ERT), seismic tomography and multichannel analysis of surface wave (MASW) data. Based on the geophysical results, the four selected karst geosites were found to be capable of voids and fractures development. Evidences of water drainage pathway and bedrock dissolution can be seen by the highly weathered rock layer and irregular bedrock topography. The susceptibility hazard assessment based on analytical hierarchy process (AHP) approach and sinkhole susceptibility index (SSI) revealed low to slightly high level of sinkhole risk for the studied geosites. The results from this research provide the local risk management with necessary information to develop a strategic plan in the geopark. © 2022, The Association of Korean Geoscience Societies and Springer.
After extreme events and major outages in the distribution system (DS), restoring the de-energized loads becomes the priority of network operators. In such conditions, static energy storage systems (SESSs) and mobile energy storage systems (MESSs) are critical resources for DS outage management to fast restoration of the network. Finding the de-energized islands and associated loads, investigate the optimal load pickup sequence along optimal dispatch of energy storage systems (ESSs) are the main challenges of network outage management in outage duration. Motivated by these challenges, this paper presents a new load restoration strategy by black start distributed generators and non-black start distributed generators and enhances black start service considering static/mobile energy storage systems, and interdependency between transportation and power grids. To this end, a new method is presented, which indicates the formed de-energized islands and their loads after fault occurrence in the network. This method also can check the radiality constraint of the network. In addition, in this paper, a new algorithm is presented that evaluated the best load pickup sequence by considering the priorities of the loads. Various case studies and scenarios are carried out in an IEEE 123-bus distribution system considering the different numbers of faulted lines, damaged roads MESSs and SESSs. Simulation results confirm the efficiency of the proposed restoration strategy. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The utilization of rubber dams for water supply and irrigated agriculture is becoming an emerging practice in developing countries. In this study, based on the SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats) analysis, a variety of standards and processes in project management (PM) are integrated within the framework of the strategic management (SM) of an organization responsible for the management of new small-scale hydraulic infrastructures, e.g., rubber dam projects. The most important internal and external factors in PM and organizational SM of rubber dam projects in Iran are initially identified, adapted, and integrated. Thereafter, the factors are weighted, evaluated, and analyzed using the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and combined SWOT–AHP methods. Based on the results, the total weighted scores of the internal and external factors are 2.353 and 2.718, respectively. Hence, the derived main strategy of the organization is WO. This means that the weakness factors can be reduced through the opportunities available for projects. Finally, a new methodology called “strategy matrix” resulting from “priority matrix” is proposed to prioritize and determine the organization’s possible strategies. The outputs demonstrate the first three priorities as a mix of the main strategy alternatives, e.g., W1O1, W7O1, and W9O1 . The organization, hence, is proposed to use the economic benefits of rubber dam projects to further monitor organizational units, the project’s resource management, and the project’s stakeholder management (not the project’s stakeholders). The proposed research could be conceived as a pilot for sustainable management in developing countries, where strategic project management can produce important operational benefits. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Recent studies have documented the high prevalence of burnout among medicine and dentistry students, with potentially catastrophic consequences for both students and patients. Both environmental and personality factors play a part in burnout; perfectionism, a common trait in medicine students’ personalities, has been linked to psychological distress and increasing students’ vulnerability to burnout. Self-compassion, i.e., treating oneself kindly through hardship, has recently emerged as a buffer between perfectionism and psychological distress. While using a novel three-factor conceptualization of perfectionism (BIG3), this study aims to analyze if self-compassion has a protective role in the relationship between perfectionism and burnout, in a sample of medicine and dentistry students, through mediation analysis. We found that self-compassion significantly mediated the relationship between all three forms of perfectionism and burnout: as a partial mediator in self-critical and rigid perfectionism, as well as a full mediator in narcissistic perfectionism. Our findings underline self-compassion’s relevance in burnout prevention and management, supporting its use as an intervention target in burnout reduction programs and strategies. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The grapevine, so-called Vitis vinifera L., is one of the most diffuse perennial crop plan-tations in the world due to a flourishing market that shaped the landscape and the societal val-ues. Turkey has been a historical vine producer, counting on an overall vineyard extension of 550,000 hectares. Besides, Turkey has some favorable pre-requisites to be one of the most fertile lands for vineyard production: variegated topography, rich soil diversity, heterogeneous morphology, and several micro-climatic conditions. However, establishing a flourishing and fully productive vineyard requires many years, and therefore, the selection and management of sites should be considered with great attention. Within this work, a first land suitability analysis for vineyard production has been established for the entire metropolitan area of Izmir according to the most scientifically-agreed criteria: elevation, slope, aspect, land capability, and solar radiation. These criteria were superim-posed through spatial overlay analysis using Esri ArcGIS (ver.10.8) and evaluated using the Principal Component Analysis technique. The first three bands were then extracted to define the most suitable areas for vineyard production in Izmir. The final layer has been used to define which areas can be considered for future strategic expansion and management. The discussion focuses on the Kozak plateau, where a new policy of vineyard plantation will be promoted with techniques that aim to maintain and revalorize the traditional vineyard landscapes and conserve traditional methods and practices that have evolved with the cultural values of the villagers and producers. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
In the framework of this study, significant features of the formation of the strategic potential of the enterprise in a circular economy are identified. The characteristics and elements of the strategic potential of the enterprise, which can ensure its integrity and continuity of operations, are highlighted. The authors conducted and analyzed a theoretical review of the concept of the “circular economy” and its impact on business and resource conservation and environmental protection. The conditions for the transition to a circular economy at the macro level are formed. The key stages of ensuring the strategic potential of the enterprise, taking into account the internal and external environmental factors, are highlighted. The authors forecast the volume and dynamics of waste until 2027 using the Cobb–Douglas function. The mechanism of the formation of the strategic potential of the enterprise in the conditions of a circular economy is offered. This mechanism provides for the potential compliance with the strategic goals of the enterprise, as well as the rationality and balance of structural elements. Assessing the compliance of strategic potential with the developed strategy allows decisions to be made on the implementation of measures to meet the objectives of the enterprise, or to search for opportunities and reserves to improve its level. A set of measures aimed at the effective implementation of the proposed mechanism and the results of resource-efficient production is developed. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Although green mergers and acquisitions (M&A) emerged recently as corporate green management actions, whether they can prompt corporations to achieve green transformation is unclear, as little is known about how green M&A affects strategic decisions on corporate environmental behavior. Based on legitimacy theory, we analyze Chinese heavy-polluting firms listed in the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges from 2009 to 2017 to explore the impact of green M&A on corporate environmental governance. Results show that green M&A has a positive impact on corporate environmental management. Specifically, we find that the positive relationship between green M&A and corporate environmental governance is strong in firms in localities under considerable media scrutiny, as such firms face increased legitimacy benefits and illegitimacy penalties. Conversely, state-owned enterprises (SOEs) weaken this relationship, as such enterprises have natural political connections to undermine legitimacy benefits and avoid illegitimacy penalties. Thus, we argue that media scrutiny and SOEs influence the likelihood of an organization to implement green M&A as a sincere substantive strategic action. Finally, we summarize the green M&A implementation of an organization in environmental governance as a sincere green action rather than hypocritical greenwashing. Furthermore, we make contributions to legitimacy theory and the corporate environmental governance literature. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Emigration and population shrinkage are challenges faced in countries and communities throughout the world. Based on a systematic literature analysis of approximately 600 articles, we examine voluntary emigration through the lens of non-economic factors, establishing a cohesive and coherent view of the literature landscape across disciplines and enabling discussion of how local governments and non-governmental organizations might respond to emigration pressures nationally and locally. The factors identified in the literature are set within seven conceptual categories: personal ambition, personal relationships, quality of life, quality of working life, future opportunity, fitness to enter a new society and quality of governance. Focusing on these factors, a set of tools for local government and non-governmental organization action are proposed to manage emigration-induced population shrinkage, including citizen participation, strategic planning and management, cross-sector partnerships and capacity investments in the non-profit sector. © 2021 The Authors. International Migration © 2021 IOM
Environmental scanning has become increasingly crucial for an organisation’s existence and a matter of interest for scholars and professionals. This research presents an outline of the situation in the field of multidimensional environmental scanning, focusing on Slovenian micro, small and medium sized organisations during the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, the paper aims to examine if top managers perceive the multidimensional (external) environment as uncertain and if there have been gender differences in multidimensional (external) environmental uncertainty perception during the COVID-19 pandemic. We researched the field of ecological, social, technological, economic, and political–legal environments. The nonparametric Mann–Whitney U test and descriptive statistics were used to test the research hypotheses. The results show that top managers are not aware enough of multidimensional environmental uncertainty. They do not perceive the ecological and social environment as unpredictable at all. Among the studied environments, they perceive the political–legal environment as most unpredictable. There are no statistically significant gender differences in perceptions of ecological, social, technological, economic, and political–legal environmental uncertainty. We suggest SME top managers pay more attention to environmental uncertainty and use environmental scanning methods to achieve more sustainable development. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Purpose: In Latin America and the Caribbean, the access of students to higher education has presented an extraordinary growth over the past fifteen years. This rapid growth has presented a challenge for increasing the system resources and capabilities while maintaining its quality. As a result, the networked universities (NUs) organized themselves as a collaborative network, and they have become an interesting model for facing the complexity driven by globalization, rapidly changing technology, dynamic growth of knowledge and highly specialized areas of expertise. In this article, we studied the NU named Red Universitaria Mutis (Red Mutis) with the aim of characterizing the collaboration and integration structure of the network. Design/methodology/approach: Network analytic methods (visual analysis, positional analysis and a stochastic network method) were used to characterize the organizational structure and robustness of the network, and to identify what variables or structural tendencies are related to the likelihood that specific areas of a university would collaborate. Findings: Red Mutis is a good example of regional NUs that could take advantage of the strengths, partnerships, information and knowledge of the regional and international universities that form the network. Analyses showed that Red Mutis has a differentiated structure consisting of academic and non-academic university areas with a vertical coordination (by steering and management) of the different university areas. Originality/value: The methodology could be used as a framework to analyze and strengthen other strategic alliances between universities and as a model for the development of other NU in local and global contexts. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
A diverse workforce has long been associated with multiple firm benefits, but this is sometimes difficult to achieve due to employer discrimination. Although multiple institutional arrangements have been put in place to ban discriminatory behavior, the effects of such regulations remain relatively unexplored, often neglecting start-ups. We propose that institutional changes aiming to outlaw employment discrimination will trigger two main effects: they will (a) depress start-up founding rates through enhancement of wage-work appeal, and (b) increase the average start-up quality due to a higher threshold for leaving wage-work. We test our predictions by exploiting the staggered enactment of Employment Non-Discrimination Acts in the U.S. Consistent with our theory, we find that this institutional protection reduced the quantity of entrepreneurship but increased its quality. Managerial Summary: Do laws that protect traditionally oppressed groups from discrimination in the workplace affect the propensity of workers to leave their company and start an entrepreneurial venture? Our study shows that legislative changes that ban the discrimination against members of the LGBT community in the labor market have a two-fold effect on entrepreneurship. First, they reduce the workers' propensity to start a new venture (thus reducing the loss of human capital) because of an increased relative appeal of the workplace. Second, they increase the overall quality of the startups founded in the region, increasing the overall welfare. Additionally, we find that these effects are more likely to be present when litigation against employment discrimination is more frequent and when the protected minorities are more prevalent. © 2021 The Authors. Strategic Management Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
This research provides an empirical overview of articles and authors referring to research on wine tourism, analyzed from 2000 to 2021, and what they contribute to deepening the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 8. The articles were examined through a bibliometric approach based on data from 199 records stored in the Web of Science (JCR), applying traditional bibliometric laws, and using VOSviewer for data processing and metadata. The results highlight an exponential increase in scientific production without interruptions between 2005 and 2020, with a concentration in only 35 highly cited authors, where the hegemony is held by Australia, among the co-authorship networks of worldwide relevance. The main topics observed in the literature are local development through wine tourism, sustainability and nature conservation, and strategies for sustainable development. Finally, there are six articles with great worldwide influence in wine tourism studies that maintain in their entirety the contribution made by researchers affiliated with Australian universities. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This paper examines how strategic inventory affects pricing decisions and contractual outcomes of a dual-channel supply chain with the consideration of corporate social responsibility. To highlight the role of CSR, we first extend the existing understanding of dual-channel supply chain dynamics to a for-profit dynamic setting. Thereafter, we analyze two cases where either the retailer or the supplier may be socially responsible. We find that although the presence of dual distribution arrangements can suppress retailer strategic inventory buildup, it may also lead to the retailer preferring the dynamic contract even for a sufficiently high holding cost, which is not the case in the single channel. We further show that the retailer's strategic inventory decision is influenced by the level of social concern, supplier's direct selling efficiency, and inventory holding cost. The retailer's (supplier's) social concern increases (decreases) the strategic inventory quantity, which significantly alters the contractual outcomes of the dual-channel supply chain. Interestingly, we find that although either channel member's social concern or strategic inventory can alleviate double-marginalization effect, their interference may result in lower firm profit and supply chain inefficiency. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
The rapid development of cloud techniques like Vehicle-to-Cloud (V2C) makes it possible to gather more information and develop computationally efficient energy management systems (EMS) for electric vehicles. This paper proposes a novel EMS with low computational cost targeting hybrid battery/ultracapacitor electric buses to reduce energy consumption and battery life degradation. In the offline training process, by applying the K-means clustering method with 10 selected features, 16 typical driving conditions are classified. For each driving condition, dynamic programming is employed offline to generate global optimal results, which are then used in control rule extraction for online operation. During the online operation, the proposed EMS executes the designed driving pattern recognition algorithm with V2C assistance to select optimal control rules. The simulation results indicate that the proposed EMS effectively decreases the battery degradation and energy consumption cost by 13.89%, compared with the conventional rule-based strategy. In addition, it is shown that V2C assistance leads to a 6.81% lower cost. Besides, the robustness of the proposed EMS is validated by testing the EMS with highly randomized input with uncertainties up to 15% and long duration of V2C data packet loss up to 10 s. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
The effective management of employees’ knowledge has been described as a critical ingredient for organizations seeking to ensure sustainable strategic competitive advantage in the market place. The goal of the study was to examine how knowledge management affect workers' job clarity and service quality. The cross-sectional survey approach was used in this study while purposive sampling technique was employed to select private hospitals. The research included 300 employees from Trust Hospital, Otoo Memorial Hospital, and Cocoa Hospital, all of which are private institutions in Ghana. Data was collected using the questionnaire. The analysis was done using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20 and Structural equation modeling. The findings demonstrated that service quality and knowledge management had a beneficial association. © The Author(s) 2022.
A purposeful growth in efficiency of large industrial companies largely depends on a balanced decision-making concerning the content, the cost, and the quality of corporate projects to increase business productivity. A traditional project management methodology does not allow improving all project's parameters simultaneously. This leads to difficulties in implementing the developed measures and in providing the planned productivity growth. To search balanced decisions in labor productivity projects it is suggested to use an integrated approach, focused on a range of efficient instruments from allied management fields. It is recommended to integrate project management methodology with some instruments of strategic and innovative management, production systems development concepts LEAN, QRM and Agile, human resource and project portfolio management. A model of an integrated approach to labor productivity projects, which was developed and tested, is reasonable to use in large companies to develop hi-tech products and conduct organizational changes.  © 2022 Viktor Popov et al., published by Sciendo.
Freshwater is a strategic natural resource in any region of the world, and this is especially true for the Sub-Saharan Africa region. Sub-Saharan Africa states, where water ecosystems are strategic resources, are oriented towards regional conflict rather than cooperation. However, its fossil fuels—principally, oil and natural gas—have constantly been exposed to scientific scrutiny. To compensate for the scarcity of scientific literature on the issue, the article analyses the role of the unequal distribution of freshwater that has been generating conflicts in Sub-Saharan Africa from the time of decolonization. Next, these conflicts are examined. Recommendations on the non-conflictual use of water are provided. Copyright © 2022 Peña-Ramos, José López-Bedmar, Sastre and Martínez-Martínez.
Implementation failure is widely acknowledged as a major impediment to the success of water resource plans and policies, yet there are very few proactive approaches available for analysing potential implementation issues during the planning stage. The motivations and abilities (MOTA) framework was established to address this planning stage gap, by offering a multi-stakeholder, multilevel approach to evaluate the implementation feasibility of plans and policies. MOTA is a stepwise process focusing on the relationship between trigger, motivation and ability. Here we outline the base model of the MOTA framework and review existing MOTA applications in assorted water resource management contexts. From our review, we identify the strengths and limitations of the MOTA framework in various institutional implementation and social adoptability contexts. Our findings indicate that the existing MOTA base model framework has been successful in identifying the motivations and abilities of the stakeholders involved in a range of bottom-up water resource planning contexts and in subsequently providing insight into the types of capacity- or consent-building strategies needed for effective implementation. We propose several complementary add-in applications to complement the base model, which specific applications may benefit from. Specifically, the incorporation of formal context and stakeholder analyses during the problem definition stage (Step 1) could provide a more considered basis for designing the latter steps within the MOTA analyses. In addition, the resolution of the MOTA analyses could be enhanced by developing more nuanced scoring approaches or by adopting empirically proven ones from well-established published models. Through setting the base model application, additional add-in applications can easily be added to enhance different aspects of the analysis while still maintaining comparability with other MOTA applications. With a robust base model and a suite of add-in applications, there is great potential for the MOTA framework to become a staple tool for optimising implementation success in any water planning and policymaking context. © 2022 John Conallin et al.
Purpose: This study aims to highlight and validate the importance of strategic procurement and its value to both public and private firms. This study discusses a collaborative private-public partnership (PPP), supply chain advisory committee (SCAC), established during the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic to acquire personal protective equipment (PPE) and other critical supplies for a donation center in Toledo, Ohio, USA. This center serves the community and small businesses. This paper discusses the strategies, process and framework that were created to procure the needed items under a short lead time. The process of the partnership and outcomes are transferable and capable of being used by others to benefit society. Design/methodology/approach: The case study methodology was used to investigate and summarize the actions and events of the SCAC. The case presented was tracked from the initial call to action from a local emergency response organization, Lucas County Emergency Operation Center (EOC), through the first six months of the committee’s work. Data collection was completed through a triangulation of sources. Findings: The findings of this study reveal that public firms are vulnerable in a crisis. A crisis exposes the inequities in the supply chain and the need for public and private collaboration to use innovative procurement strategies. This study suggests that PPP procurement professionals benefit from working together. Both can learn from the limitations and benefits of collaborating. Practical implications: This study offers a framework on how PPPs can be established to procure PPE during a crisis. This study has practical implications for private and public firms seeking to collaborate for the good of society. Social implications: The findings of the study reveal that public firms are vulnerable in a crisis, which exposes the inequities in their supply chains. Private-public partnership (PPP) procurement professionals mutually benefit from working together as both can learn from each whether it is procuring PPE during a crisis or seeking to team up for the good of society. Society benefits when these organizations share solutions to problems rather than compete against one another during a crisis-situation such as a global pandemic. Supplies get to those who need them the most and information flows amongst the organizations to ensure equity in the availability of the supplies. Originality/value: This study contributes to the growing body of literature that argues that public procurement must be innovative and strategic to contribute to socially responsible solutions. Government regulations require public procurement to use competitive bidding for accountability, cost reduction and to reduce fraud. However, emergency situations require innovative procurement strategies. The use of innovative procurement strategies is typical in private procurement. During a crisis, supplier relationships, lead-time management and shared and transfer of knowledge must be leveraged to acquire critical items in a timely manner. A lack of innovative public procurement strategies constrains the public and small under resourced businesses, rendering them inoperable. This paper provides a case study of an effective PPP during the COVID-19 pandemic. This paper highlights the strategies, process and framework for future research and collaborations. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Purpose: Eco-museums safeguard the cultural authenticity and the historical identity of the place in which they operate. Conventional organizational models and management practices are generally employed to achieve this institutional aim. Conversely, innovative solutions – such as digitization – are overlooked. Adopting a service quality management perspective, the article intends to examine the role of managerialization and professionalization in triggering eco-museums' digitization. Design/methodology/approach: An empirical analysis involving 126 eco-museums operating in Italy as of 2018 was designed to investigate the implications of managerialization and professionalization on the eco-museums' propensity to embark on a digitization process. Two different forms of digitization were examined: (1) the presence of eco-museums in the digital environment; and (2) the exploitation of digital tools for service delivery. The mediating role of two “soft” total quality management (TQM) practices, i.e. people centredness and strategic focus on visitors' experience, was contemplated in the empirical analysis. Findings: The research findings suggest that managerialization and professionalization have ambiguous effects on eco-museums' digitization. Nevertheless, they indirectly contribute to a greater digital presence of eco-museums and to a larger use of digital tools for service delivery through an increased use of soft TQM practices. Research limitations/implications: Managerialization and professionalization are likely to foster the digital transition of eco-museums, which advances their ability to protect and promote the local cultural heritage. Soft TQM practices intended to achieve people-centredness and to enhance the visitors' experience should be exploited to stimulate the eco-museums' digitization. Originality/value: The article examines the triggers of eco-museums' digitization, providing some food for thought to scholars and practitioners. © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
Sahelian countries, particularly Niger, are more vulnerable to climate change due to the high dependence of most of their populations on rain-fed agriculture and limited capacities to respond to climate variability and change. This paper examines the factors influencing climate change adaptation strategies and the impacts on household income and food security in rural Niger. For this purpose, we collected data from 1783 valid rural households in four main agricultural regions of Niger. The results showed that crop diversification (72.74%), income diversification (67.97%) and changing planting times (55%) are the main adaptation strategies adopted by households. The majority of respondents had noticed changes in rain patterns (93.21%), in the amount of rain (91.25%) and in the intensity of rain (81.82%) during the last five years. We categorized these adaptation strategies into six major groups namely climate-resilient crop varieties, improved agronomic practices, irrigation and water conservation practices, crop diversification, income diversification, and agroforestry. We ran logit regression to identify the determinants of each individual group. The results show mixed effects of independent variables on these categories of adaptation strategies. Using matching techniques, we found adaptation strategies have positive and significant impact on both household income and food security. The farmers who adopt climate change adaptation strategies are more likely to increase household income by 7721.526 FCFA compared to those households with zero adaptation strategies. Similarly, the adapters have 7% to 9% more chance to be food secure compared to those who did not adopt strategies. These results suggest that strengthening the awareness of the effects of climate change on farmers and the choice of appropriate adaptation strategies are necessary to enhance household resilience. Strengthening institutional factors such as access to credit and market, extension services, and using drought-resilient crop varieties would surely improve agricultural production. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Scale development and validation of total quality and socially responsible management (TQSR-M) framework: dual competitive strategy for management
Airline quality assessment towards strategic tourism management improvements
Beach Area Development Strategy as the Prime Tourism Area in Indonesia
FACTORS INFLUENCING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF SUPPLY CHAIN TRACEABILITY SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION FOR SHARK AND RAY PRODUCTS IN PAHANG, MALAYSIA: INSIGHTS FROM KEY INFORMANT INTERVIEWS
A ‘Dark Side’ of Humane Entrepreneurship? Unveiling the Side Effects of Humane Entrepreneurship on Work–Life Balance
Bathymetric and Capacity Relationships Based on Sentinel-3 Mission Data for Aswan High Dam Lake, Egypt
Holistic Management Assessment of an Urbanized Watershed and Kettle Pond in Southern Wisconsin: Finding Paths Forward for a Local Natural Resource
Greening the Workforce: A Strategic Way to Spur the Environmental Performance in the Hotel Industry
Product rollover strategy and emission reduction with intertemporal carbon emission regulation versus consumer supervision
Opportunism and trust in cross- national lateral collaboration: the Renault-Nissan Alliance and a theory of equity-trust
Non-Financial Benefits of Corporate Social Responsibility to Saudi Companies
Achievement of Value Markers of the Harmonious Development of Agrarian Territories in the Volga Federal District in the Context of Russia’s National Security
Exploring the relationship between integrated marketing communications and decentralised organisational structure: a heuristics perspective
Strategic Workforce Planning Under Uncertainty
The impact of social class on top managers’ attitudes towards employee downsizing
Differences in Outpatient Health Care Utilization 12 Months after COVID-19 Infection by Race/Ethnicity and Community Social Vulnerability
Voice of the customer as a tool for service quality analysis in public transport
Prioritizing the effective strategies for construction and demolition waste management using fuzzy IDOCRIW and WASPAS methods
A Decision Support System for Brewery Production Planning at Feldschlösschen
The associations between management control systems, market orientation and CSR use
Developing a paradigm model for the analysis of farmers' adaptation to water scarcity
Ambidextrous leadership and organizational innovation: the importance of knowledge search and strategic flexibility
Profile of Patients with Dementia or Cognitive Impairment Hospitalized with a Proximal Femur Fracture Requiring Surgery
Improving the monitoring of conservation programmes: lessons from a grant-making initiative for threatened species
Information Security Assurance and the Role of Security Configuration Management: Substantive and Symbolic Perspectives
Investment fund selection techniques from the perspective of Brazilian pension funds
Interplay of enterprise social media and learning at work: a qualitative investigation
Dynastic cores and the borrowed time of newcomers. Wealth accumulation and the Norwegian one percent
Robotic process automation in Maersk procurement–applicability of action principles and research opportunities
QCA in International Relations: A Review of Strengths, Pitfalls, and Empirical Applications
THE MEDIATING ROLE OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT ON THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN WORKPLACE LEARNING DIMENSIONS AND SUSTAINABLE LEAN MANUFACTURING
Influence of patch geometry, post-bark-extraction-treatment on bark recovery and standardizing number of sprouts for bark harvest from coppices in Cinnamomum zeylanicum blume: implications for sustainable harvesting
Developing a strategic viability-fit model of mobile technology adoption in hotels
Key elements of green supply chain management drivers and barriers empirical study of solar energy companies in South Egypt
The Balanced Scorecard as a Strategic Management Tool in the Textile Sector
Future Indian Earth Observation Capabilities: Policy Challenges
The challenge of board composition: Effects of board resource variety and faultlines on the degree of a firm's international activity
The impact of digital marketing strategies on customer’s buying behavior in online shopping using the rough set theory
Advancing HEIs’ third-mission through dynamic capabilities: the role of leadership and agreement on vision and goals
Managing the COVID-19 pandemic: Preliminary evidence from global banks
Regression Models to Study the Total LOS Related to Valvuloplasty
Artificial Intelligence in Innovation: How to Spot Emerging Trends and Technologies
Customer Bargaining Power, Strategic Fit, and Supplier Performance
The Evolution of Index Investing: Past, Present, and Future
Outdoor Space Quality Mapping by Combining Accessibility, Openness, and Microclimate: A Case Study in a Neighborhood Park in Shanghai, China
A Temporal View on the Academic–Practitioner Gap
Knowledge Management with IS/IT Practice in Organizations: A Multilevel Perspective
‘Americanization’ and the drivers of the establishment and use of works councils in three post-socialist countries
Managers' risk perception and the adoption of sustainable consumption strategies in the hospitality sector: the moderating role of stakeholder salience attributes
Face-to-face with the new normal: libraries' readiness and perspectives toward the changing service environment
Habitat Management of the Endemic and Critical Endangered Montseny Brook Newt (Calotriton arnoldi)
Can the nation-wide COVID-19 lockdown help India identify region-specific strategies for air pollution?
Optimizing residue and tillage management practices to improve soil carbon sequestration in a wheat–peanut rotation system
Integrating Blue and Green Water to Identify Matching Characteristics of Agricultural Water and Land Resources in China
Influence Mechanism and Evolutionary Game of Environmental Regulation on Green Port Construction
Relationship between Related Party Transactions and the Social Contribution Activities of South Korean Chaebol Companies
An analysis of design strategies for circular economy through life cycle assessment
Sheep grazing as a strategy to manage cover crops in Mediterranean vineyards: Short-term effects on soil C, N and greenhouse gas (N2O, CH4, CO2) emissions
The performance of private equity timberland funds in the United States between 1985 and 2018
Strategic analysis of single-use plastic ban policy for environmental sustainability: the case of Pakistan
Is There a Regulation in the Expansion of Urban Spatial Structure? Empirical Study from the Main Urban Area in Zhengzhou, China
Identifying Driving Factors of Technological Innovation to Create Sustainable Value in Metal Manufacturing SMEs
Hierarchical energy management of a hybrid propulsion system considering speed profile optimization
From ego-systems to open innovation ecosystems: A process model of inter-firm openness
Testing the Strategic Response Model to Show Joint Effect of Resource Dependency and Centrality in Donor Network on NGO Response to Donor Demand
Performance evaluation of agricultural commodity logistics from a sustainability perspective
Reconsidering Access: Using Specific Impact Ranking Metrics to Manage Access in Conventional and Open Higher Education
Surgery Sequencing Coordination with Recovery Resource Constraints
Investigating the influence of information complexity on construction quality: a systems thinking approach
Enhancing customer satisfaction through open innovation communities: A comparison of knowledge management approaches
Capacities of local maize seed enterprises in Mexico: Implications for seed systems development
Integrating recreational fishing into harvest strategies: Linking data with objectives
Gender Diversity on the Board and Firms’ Corporate Social Responsibility
Competitive Improvement through Integrated Management of Sales and Operations
Blockchain adoption in health market: a systems thinking and modelling approach
The 2021 SIM IT Issues and Trends Study
Social Sustainability in Business Organizations: A Research Agenda
Characterizing and Defining of Designing Sustainable Product-Service Systems Applied to Distributed Water-Energy-Food Nexus
Strategic decision making in project management: a knowledge visualization framework
A Fire Revealing Coastal Norway’s Wildland–Urban Interface Challenges and Possible Low-Cost Sustainable Solutions
Age Diversity Climate Affecting Individual‐Level Work‐Related Outcomes
EXPLORING THE CATALYST AND CONSTRAINT FACTORS OF AGRICULTURE COOPERATIVE PERFORMANCE
Higher education strategy in digital transformation
Small firms, owner managers and (strategic?) human resource management
Supply crisis propagation in the global cobalt trade network
Dynamic resource management under weak property rights: A tale of thieves and trespassers
The carbon footprint of water treatment as well as sewer and sanitation utilities of Pamplona in Colombia
Hydrogeomorphologic Mapping of the Transboundary San Pedro Aquifer: A Tool for Groundwater Characterization
Business Model Adaptation to the COVID-19 Crisis: Strategic Response of the Spanish Cultural and Creative Firms
The Reinvented accounting firm office: Impression management for efficiency, client relations and cost control
Conservation overstretch and long-term decline of wildlife and tourism in the Central African savannas
An Integrated Data Mining Framework for Organizational Resilience Assessment and Quality Management Optimization in Trauma Centers
Development challenges and management strategies on the Kenyan National Park System: A case of Nairobi National Park
Determinants of small-scale farmers’ choice and adaptive strategies in response to climatic shocks in Vhembe District, South Africa
Understanding Customer Retrials in Call Centers: Preferences for Service Quality and Service Speed
Job satisfaction and support in the medical profession: The foundations of efficient organizational healthcare performance
Constructs of Project Programme Management Supporting Open Innovation at the Strategic Level of the Organisation
Pharmaceutical pollution: A weakly regulated global environmental risk
PESTEL analysis and the macro-environmental factors that influence the development of the electric and hybrid vehicles industry in Brazil
Understanding corporate culture and business performance from a Confucian perspective
Assessing the Impact of Online-Learning Effectiveness and Benefits in Knowledge Management, the Antecedent of Online-Learning Strategies and Motivations: An Empirical Study
Concentrations, distribution and potential health risks of organic ultraviolet absorbents in street dust from Tianjin, a megacity in northern China
Understanding the different responses from the similarity between displacement and groundwater level time series in Beijing, China
Investigating the mix of strategic choices and performance of transaction platforms: Evidence from the crowdfunding setting
The limits to large-scale supply augmentation: Exploring the crossroads of conflicting urban water system development pathways
Measurement of intangible assets using higher-order construct model
An approach for management modeling of a tropical wetland
Power to the people: Collaborative watershed management in the Cuyahoga River Area of Concern (AOC)
Assessing the status of existing and tentative marine World Heritage areas reveals opportunities to better achieve World Heritage Convention goals
When and why technology leadership enters the C-suite: An antecedents perspective on CIO presence
Temporal Work: The Strategic Organization of Time
Climate mitigation efficacy of anaerobic digestion in a decarbonising economy
Life cycle assessment and society willingness to pay indexes of food waste-to-energy strategies
Agent-Based Model to Manage Household Water Use Through Social-Environmental Strategies of Encouragement and Peer Pressure
Analysis of barriers intensity for investment in big data analytics for sustainable manufacturing operations in post-COVID-19 pandemic era
How Does Strategic Communication Shape Transdisciplinary Collaboration? A Focus on Definitions, Audience, Expertise, and Ethical Praxis
Simulation of forest fire spread based on artificial intelligence
A case study on inter-organisational technology transfer in the defence industry
Pricing and collection decisions of a closed-loop supply chain with fuzzy demand
Financial evaluation of electric propulsion projects in public transport
WORK VALUES AS MODERATOR IN PERSONALITY DIMENSIONS AND ENGAGEMENT OF GEN - Z
Grappling for strategic agility during the COVID-19 pandemic: the case of the Russian subsidiary of a large multinational IT company
Nordic neighbors in pandemic crisis: the communication battle between Sweden and Norway
Evaluation of the financial benefits of a ground-source heat pump pool with demand side management: Is smart profitable for real estate?
Market-based commons: Social agroforestry, fire mitigation strategies, and green supply chains in Indonesia’s peatlands
Rainfed crop yield response to climate change in Iran
Sustainable cities through household waste management: an unexplored approach to challenges confronting private solid waste management
Evaluation of urban metabolism assessment methods through SWOT analysis and analytical hierocracy process
Cognitive automation
Insights in Urban Resource Management: A Comprehensive Understanding of Unexplored Patterns
Software reliability prediction and release time management with coverage
Competing OEMs’ responses to a developer's services installation and strategic update of platform quality
Severe introduced predator impacts despite attempted functional eradication
Assessing the impact of market logic and long-term strategic plans of top management in share buyback decisions
A level of service framework for service-centric asset management planning
Spatiotemporal characteristics and influencing factors of China's urban water resource utilization efficiency from the perspective of sustainable development
Line managers' perceptions of diversity management: insights from a social exchange theory perspective
Optimistic Expectations and Proactivity: Can they be the Key to Successful Strategies in Entrepreneurship?
Between strategic clarity and strategic ambiguity – oscillating strategic communication
Sustainability impact and effects analysis - A risk management tool for sustainable product development
Identifying influencing factors of sustainable public service transformation: a systematic literature review
Weather variability trends in Gangetic plains of Uttar Pradesh, India: influence on cropping systems and adaptation strategies
The METREPOL criteria - Are they still relevant?
A stakeholder-based approach managing conflictual values in urban design processes. The case of an open prison in Barcelona
Optimizing river damming and impounding strategies to mitigate seawater intrusion in the coastal aquifer of Dagu River Basin, China; [基于拦河闸坝蓄水补给的中国大沽河流域海水入侵优化防治研究]; [Optimisation des stratégies d’endiguement et de retenue d’une rivière destinées à limiter l’intrusion d’eau de mer dans l’aquifère côtier du Bassin de la Rivière Dagu, en Chine]; [Otimizando estratégias de represamento e barramento de rios para mitigar a intrusão de água do mar no aquífero costeiro da Bacia do Rio Dagu, China]; [Optimización de las estrategias de embalses fluviales para mitigar la intrusión de agua de mar en el acuífero costero de la cuenca del río Dagu (China)]
Navigating Pathways for Community Renewable Electricity in Rural Areas: Stakeholders’ Perspectives on the Shape Community Project, Nigeria
Updating strategy for a high-tech world: constant change from the bottom up and the outside in
UNDERSTANDING THE DRIVERS OF RADICAL AND INCREMENTAL INNOVATION PERFORMANCE: THE ROLE OF A FIRM'S KNOWLEDGE-BASED CAPITAL AND ORGANISATIONAL AGILITY
Evaluation of tree shade effectiveness and its renewal strategy in typical historic districts: A case study in Harbin, China
Research on the variations in individual waste separation behavior due to different information strategies–Mediating effects of psychological distance
Assessment of water resources in Yarmouk River Basin using geospatial technique during the period 1980–2020
MULTI-LAYER HIERARCHICAL DEMATEL METHOD: ANALYSIS OF SOFT FACTORS IN TQM PRACTICE
Do the rank difference of industrial development zones affect land use efficiency? A regional analysis in China
Business process prioritization criteria: a case study in the financial market
Business model innovation drivers as antecedents of performance
Behavioral strategy: mapping the trends, sources and intellectual evolution
Legal and Economic Prospects for the Arctic Seaport Developments of the Northern Dimension Partner Countries (Russia and the European Union)
Coordinated ancillary services, market participation and communication of multi-microgrids: A review
What drives a tough call: Determining the importance of contingency factors and individual characteristics in communication executives’ stance decision-making through a conjoint analysis
Spatial responses of long-eared bats Plecotus auritus to forestry practices: Implications for forest management in protected areas
Spatial and temporal variation of physicochemical parameters in northern Persian Gulf
Delineating genetic management units of sambar deer (Rusa unicolor) in south-eastern Australia, using opportunistic tissue sampling and targeted scat collection
Impact of wise leadership, workplace friendships on open innovation in family firms: a developing country perspective
Run or hide: changes in acquisition behaviour during the COVID-19 pandemic
From garbage to product and service systems: A longitudinal Finnish case study of waste management evolution
Exploring trade-offs in mixed fisheries by integrating fleet dynamics into multispecies size-spectrum models
A Potential Framework for Allocating National Park Service Budgets
A Basis Water Quality Monitoring Plan For Rehabilitation And Protection
Drivers of sustainable healthcare supply chain performance: multi-criteria decision-making approach under grey environment
How archival studies and knowledge management practitioners describe the value of research: assessing the “quiet” archivist persona
Strategic planning policy post-pandemic: the “Great Land Question”
Scenario simulation of the tradeoff between ecological land and farmland in black soil region of Northeast China
Perception and adaptation strategies of dairy farmers towards climate variability and change in West Africa
Strategic management in family business. The missing concept of the familiness learning mechanism
A unifying hypothesis for the spawning migrations of temperate anguillid eels
Channel coordination and profit distribution in a three-echelon supply chain considering social responsibility and product returns
Business Models in the Industry 4.0 Environment—Results of Web of Science Bibliometric Analysis
Optimal recycling and pricing strategies with active and passive return
Different roots, intertwined branches: linking International Business and Economic Geography through the Uppsala Model and Global Production Network
Biophysical controls over fire regime properties in Central Portugal
Sustainable Indicators Framework for Strategic Urban Development: A Case Study of Abu Teeg City in Assiut, Egypt
The European 2030 climate and energy package: do domestic strategy adaptations precede EU policy change?
Managing end-of-life solar photovoltaic e-waste in India: A circular economy approach
Strategic orientations, marketing capabilities and innovativeness: an adaptive approach
Chilean University Students’ Digital Learning Technology Usage Patterns and Approaches to Learning
Transgressive Arabic discourse in Lebanese political protest
PANDA as a Startup-Orientated Cooperative Innovation Strategy for the Chemical and Pharmaceutical Industry
Designing and implementing high-performance work systems: Insights from consulting practice for academic researchers
Does Carbon Emissions, and Economic Expansion Induce Health Expenditure in China: Evidence for Sustainability Perspective
Improving the drought monitoring capability of VHI at the global scale via ensemble indices for various vegetation types from 2001 to 2018
The potential for moral hazard behavior in irrigation decisions under crop insurance
Strategic supplier selection for renewable energy supply chain under green capabilities (fuzzy BWM-WASPAS-COPRAS approach)
Strategy of optimizing anaerobic digestion of cassava distiller wastewater using a novel automatic biological incubation system
Effects of contextual variables on strategic investment decision-making styles: An empirical study from Pakistan.
Smart shopping: the adoption of grocery shopping apps
Product Lifecycle Management implementation for high value Engineering to Order programmes: An informational perspective
Mergers in Indian public sector banks: can human resource practices ensure effective implementation of change?
Strategizing family business with a Chandlerian perspective on 3Ms: a case study of London Biscuits Berhad in Malaysia
A strategy-based framework for supplier selection: a grey PCA-DEA approach
Capturing Entrepreneurial Opportunities in the Romanian Equine Sector: an Fs-Qca Approach
Assessing the potential for crop albedo enhancement in reducing heatwave frequency, duration, and intensity under future climate change
Narratives of environmental munificence of 3PL firms on the relationship between dynamic capabilities, strategic management and organizational performance
Organizational Innovation in Knowledge Intensive Business Services: The role of Networks, Culture and Resources for Innovation
Examining the needs to adopt big data analytics in B2B organizations: development of propositions and model of needs
Sources, enumerations and inactivation mechanisms of four emerging viruses in aqueous phase
A Responsiveness View of logistics and supply chain management
The synergistic impact between internationalization and supply-and-demand interaction on firm performance: a study of environmental responsibility in social networking service
Human resource management adaptation among family firms operating in Western Australia: an exploratory study
Impact of supply chain performance on organizational performance mediated by customer satisfaction: a study of dairy industry
Green recovery in the mature manufacturing industry: The role of the green-circular premium and sustainability certification in innovative efforts
Impacts of national park tourism sites: a perceptual analysis from residents of three spatial levels of local communities in Banff national park
Institutional and stakeholder effects on carbon mitigation strategies
“Misalignments between users and designers as source of inspiration: A novel hybrid method for physical new product development”
The “A2UFood Training Kit”: Participatory Workshops to Minimize Food Loss and Waste
The performance impact of gender diversity in the top management team and board of directors: A multiteam systems approach
The Innovation System Roadmap: A novel approach to instil futures-oriented reasoning in strategic decision making
Thematic Analysis of Successful and Unsuccessful Project Delivery Teams in the Building Construction Industry
Scenario planning tools for mitigating industrial impacts on First Nations subsistence economies in British Columbia, Canada
Introduction to the Point-Counterpoint: The Corporate Objective as a Contingency
Urban morphology as an adaptation strategy to improve outdoor thermal comfort in urban residential community of new assiut city, Egypt
Optimal pricing and ordering decisions with reference effect and quick replenishment policy
Characteristics of supplier performance measurement systems in collaborative innovation projects: the role of the purchasing department
A game-theoretic approach for examining government support strategies and licensing contracts in an electricity supply chain with technology spillover: A case study of Iran
Managing innovation on the public frontline: three approaches to innovation leadership
Prioritization of railway proximity interventions: The case of the Portuguese railway network
Strategic port management by consolidating container terminals
Realizing Immigrant Contributions to Workgroup and Organizational Performance
Elucidating competing strategic behaviors using prospect theory, system dynamics, and evolutionary game: a case of transjurisdictional water pollution problem in China
Aquifer storage of treated wastewater for subsequent recovery as an important strategy for sustainable water security in Kuwait
Conservation under uncertainty: Innovations in participatory climate change scenario planning from U.S. national parks
What drives social responsibility commitment? An empirical analysis of public enterprises in South Korea
Mission statement effectiveness: investigating managers' sensemaking role
National archives’ priorities: an international overview
Effect of adaptive capability and entrepreneurial orientation on SBU performance: moderating role of success trap
Targeting current species ranges and carbon stocks fails to conserve biodiversity in a changing climate: Opportunities to support climate adaptation under 30 × 30
Multi-regional land disturbances induced by mineral use in a product-based approach: A case study of gasoline, hybrid, battery electric and fuel cell vehicle production in Japan
Dynamic pricing in Airbnb: Individual versus professional hosts
Current practice and future projection for coal-to-SNG in China
Perceived Barriers to Implementing Sexual Health Programs from the Viewpoint of Health Policymakers in Iran: A Qualitative Study
Sustainability risk and portfolio management—A strategic scenario method for sustainable product development
Adaptation to climate change in the eastern regions of the Czech Republic: An analysis of the measures proposed by local governments
Towards Sustainable Karst-Based Geotourism of the Mount Kalafat in Southeastern Serbia
Business process reengineering in health-care sector: application for the central sterilization unit
“Start-up Nation” vs “the Republic of Samsung”: power and politics in the partner choice discourse in Israeli–Korean business collaboration
Mitigating a crisis of confidence: The effect of crisis response strategies on reward-based crowdfunding success
Sustainability Assessment of the Municipal Solid Waste Management in Russia Using the Decoupling Index
Tourists’ motivations, learning, and trip satisfaction facilitate pro-environmental outcomes of the Antarctic tourist experience
Scaling up UAVs for land administration: Towards the plateau of productivity
The impact of climate change management on banks profitability
Institutional logic for sustainable purchasing and supply management: Concepts, illustrations, and implications for business strategy
The Impact of the Concession of 14 Regional Greek Airports on Passenger Traffic
Naturalizing the state and symbolizing power in Russian agricultural land use
Strategising management accounting: liberal origins and neoliberal trends
Inclusive Measurement of Public Perception of Corporate Low-Carbon Ambitions: Analysis of Strategic Positioning for Sustainable Development Using Natural Language Processing
Strategic Management of the Malaga Brand through Open Innovation: Tourists and Residents’ Perception
Tracking spatial regimes in animal communities: Implications for resilience-based management
Quantifying the effect of multiple load flexibility strategies on commercial building electricity demand and services via surrogate modeling
How Leaders of Arm’s Length Agencies Respond to External Threats: A Strategic-Performative Analysis
How top management's environmental awareness affect corporate green competitive advantage: evidence from China
Towards an Adaptive Strategic IT Governance Model for SMEs
Financial divergences of equalization and their impact on regional development in Morocco
Challenges in the management of urban natural protected area systems and the conservation of ecosystem services in Guadalajara and Monterrey, Mexico
MNE dynamic capabilities in (un)related diversification
Platform governance matters: How platform gatekeeping affects knowledge sharing among complementors
Statistical inference for tail-based cumulative residual entropy
Environmental and Organizational Antecedents of Plural Sourcing of Public Services
The effects of interaction between team climates and KMS value perception on knowledge activities: a multilevel socio-technical systems approach
Japan’s strategic miscommunications: in the shadow of the pandemic Olympics
Combined Numerical Simulation and Groundwater Depletion Sensitivity Analysis for Dynamic Pumping Management
Modelling management strategies for chronic disease in wildlife: Predictions for the control of respiratory disease in bighorn sheep
Post-epidemic factors influencing customer's booking intent for a hotel or leisure spot: an empirical study
The impact of sustainability strategic planning and management on the organizational sustainable performance: A developing-country perspective
The partner next door? The effect of micro-geographical proximity on intra-cluster inter-organizational relationships
Effect of spent engine oil contamination on the soil properties in selected automobile mechanic villages in Enugu, Enugu State, Nigeria
Entrepreneurial orientation, competitive advantage and strategic knowledge management capability in Malaysian family firms
Informal learning experiences of Turkish sojourners in Europe: An exploration of their intercultural competence within the Erasmus student exchange scheme
An empirical investigation of maintenance practices for enhancing manufacturing performance in small and medium enterprises of northern India
More Environmental Sustainability Routing and Energy Management for All Electric Ships
The dual-continuum approach: An extension of the contingency theory of strategic conflict management
Parking pricing strategies and behaviour: Evidence from the Netherlands
Envisioning ocean governability transformations through network-based marine spatial planning
Modeling the relationships between historical redlining, urban heat, and heat-related emergency department visits: An examination of 11 Texas cities
Management control for sustainability: Towards integrated systems
A framework for supply chain coordination strategy in Indian engineering manufacturing and automobile sectors
How do public organizations communicate their alliances on Facebook and how does the public react? A longitudinal analysis
Olfactory lures in predator control do not increase predation risk to birds in areas of conservation concern
Learning about the customer for improving customer retention proposal of an analytical framework
Optimizing the application of strategies promoting electronic procurement systems towards sustainable construction in the building lifecycle: A neurofuzzy model approach
Central European journal of operations research (CJOR) “operations research applied to health services (ORAHS) in Europe: general trends and ORAHS 2020 conference in Vienna, Austria”
Risk-Based interurban Makassar-Parepare railway development, Indonesia
Corporate governance and voluntary disclosure: evidence from India
Make product placement work for you: Get less exposure
Coastal adaptation to Sea Level Rise: An overview of Egypt's efforts
California's lessons learned and recommendations for effective marine protected area network management
Optimal energy allocation strategy for electric vehicles based on the real-time model predictive control technology
Information gap-based scheduling strategy of a multi-energy retailer with integrated demand response program
How big data alters value creation: through the lens of big data competency
Innovation and internationalization in family SMEs: analyzing the role of family involvement
A strategic development model for regeneration of urban historical cores: A case study of the historical fabric of Hamedan City
Design and techno-economic analysis of a hybrid system for energy supply in a wastewater treatment plant: A decentralized energy strategy
Managing food at urban level through water–energy–food nexus in India: A way towards holistic sustainable development
Toward Integrated Innovation Roadmapping: Lessons from Multiple Functional Roadmaps beyond Technology R&D
Application of openBIM for the Management of Existing Railway Infrastructure: Case Study of the Cancello–Benevento Railway Line
Evaluation of Regional Water Resources Management Performance and Analysis of the Influencing Factors: A Case Study in China
Carbon Management behind the Ambitious Pledge of Net Zero Carbon Emission—A Case Study of PepsiCo
Analysis of national policies for Circular Economy transitions: Modelling and simulating the Brazilian industrial agreement for electrical and electronic equipment
Industry 4.0 applications for sustainable manufacturing: A systematic literature review and a roadmap to sustainable development
A system dynamic model for simulating the potential of prefabrication on construction waste reduction
Organizing professional work and services through institutional complexity – how institutional logics and differences in organizational roles matter
Flood hazards and livelihood vulnerability of flood-prone farm-dependent Bait households in Punjab, Pakistan
Commercialization of academic research: assessing the perception of academicians at a public university in Malaysia
Ecosystem-based management for kelp forest ecosystems
Street Tree Planning to Improve Public Health and Ecosystem Resilience in Urban Areas: A Scenario Analysis Using a System Dynamics Model
River science and flood risk management policy in England
Data-Driven Roadmapping (DDRM): Approach and Case Demonstration
Oil price volatility and airlines’ stock returns: Evidence from the global aviation industry
Firms’ adoption of CSR initiatives and employees’ organizational commitment: Organizational CSR climate and employees’ CSR-induced attributions as mediators
GATES: An Online Step-Wise Tool to Develop Student Collaborative Teamwork Competencies
Assessment of Key Feeding Technologies and Land Use in Dairy Sheep Farms in Spain
Design of Supply Chain Transportation Pooling Strategy for Reducing CO2 Emissions Using a Simulation-Based Methodology: A Case Study
A Heuristic for Strategic Valve Placement
Relation between Globe Latitude and the Quality of Life: Insights for Public Policy Management
Strategies to Improve Performance of Community-Managed Water Systems with System Dynamics Modeling
Bolstering ratings and reviews systems on multi-sided platforms: A co-creation perspective
Differential Effects of Received Trade Credit and Provided Trade Credit on Firm Value
Setting priorities for climate change adaptation of Critical Sites in the Africa-Eurasian waterbird flyways
Three Decades of Climate Policymaking in China: A View of Learning
Population viability in data deficient nomadic species: What it will take to save regent honeyeaters from extinction
A landscape-scale framework to identify refugia from multiple stressors
Preliminary data on fish hosts and their conservation importance for the critically endangered Pseudunio marocanus (Pallary, 1918)
Agile Roadmapping: A management Tool for Digital Entrepreneurship
Approaches for restaurant revenue management
Sustainable Supply Chain and Business Performance: The Impact of Strategy, Network Design, Information Systems, and Organizational Structure
Assessing sustainability risks in the supply chain of the textile industry under uncertainty
A Case Study of a Whole System Approach to Improvement in an Acute Hospital Setting
Corporate governance as a key aspect in the failure of worker cooperatives
Hierarchical systems integration for coordinated urban-rural water quality management at a catchment scale
Roadmapping in Regional Technology Foresight: A Contribution to Nanotechnology Development Strategy
Transformation of bitumen-derived naphthenic acid fraction compounds across surface waters of wetlands in the Athabasca Oil Sands region
How Many Hours of Device Wear Time Are Required to Accurately Measure Physical Activity Post Stroke?
An inside-out perspective on stakeholder management in university technology transfer offices
Do corporate social responsibility practices contribute to green innovation? The mediating role of green dynamic capability
Super-High-Utilizer Patients in an Urban Academic Emergency Department: Characteristics, Early Identification, and Impact of Strategic Care Management Interventions
Game Analysis of the Evolution of Local Government’s River Chief System Implementation Strategy
On farm plant reintroduction: A decision framework for plant conservation translocation in EU agro-ecosystems
Who's in charge here? A bibliometric analysis of upper echelons research
Defending, prospecting or reacting? Strategic management during cutbacks in the Dutch penitentiary sector
The Environment Bill's policy statement on environmental principles: A golden opportunity for a principled framework for the sustainable management of UK waters
The Dominant Motives of Mergers and Acquisitions in the Energy Sector in Western Europe from the Perspective of Green Economy
Roadmapping Process Implementation: Challenges for a Large-Scale Company
User-Centered Design Roadmapping: Anchoring Roadmapping in Customer Value before Technology Selection
Planning pharmaceutical manufacturing networks in the light of uncertain production approval times
The Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Supply Chains in the Example of Polish Clothing Companies in the Context of Sustainable Development
Applying digital technologies in technology roadmapping to overcome individual biased assessments
Impacts of Climate Alteration on the Hydrology of the Yarra River Catchment, Australia Using GCMs and SWAT Model
Environmental differentiation from a supply chain practice view perspective
Pastoral coping and adaptation climate change strategies: Implications for women's well-being
Global Drivers for ESG Performance: The Body of Knowledge
Design and development of mini-photobioreactor system for strategic high throughput selection of optimum microalgae-wastewater combination
Mitigation or adaptation, the determination of which strategy should be given priority for urban spatial development: the case study of central cities in Turkey
How Are Leadership, Virtues, HRM Practices, and Citizenship Related in Organizations? Testing of Mediation Models in the Light of Positive Organizational Studies
Solid Waste Analysis Using Open-Access Socio-Economic Data
Strategic Turnaround in the Paper Industry: A New Model for the Procurement of Recycled Paper
Relevant Information for the Accountability of Private Institutions of Social Solidarity: Results from Fieldwork
The developer's sourcing strategy in the presence of a competing manufacturer and consumers’ two-dimensional differentiated preferences
Deficit irrigation strategy impacts on economic, social, and environmental indicators: evidence from the lands covered by Qare-soo watershed in Iran
Understanding and managing the interactive impacts of growth in urban land use and climate change on freshwater biota: A case study using the platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus)
The effect of COVID-19 on the peer-to-peer rental market
Strategic Planning for Optimal Management of Different Types of Shale Gas Wastewater
Selecting online distribution modes for differentiated products in a platform supply chain
Spatial optimization of the water quality monitoring network in São Paulo State (Brazil) to improve sampling efficiency and reduce bias in a developing sub-tropical region
A Bottom-Up Strategic Roadmapping Approach for Multilevel Integration and Communication
The impact of landfill operation factors on improving biogas generation in Brazil
Digitalization, agility, and customer value in tourism
A MILP-based operational decision-making methodology for demand-side management applied to desalinated water supply systems supported by a solar photovoltaic plant: A case study in agricultural industry
A Probabilistic Approach to the Evaluation of Seismic Resilience in Road Asset Management
Assessing Restoration of Ecosystem Functioning in Brazilian Subtropical and Tropical Streams
Mapping Product Returns Processes in Multichannel Retailing: Challenges and Opportunities
Developing a Risk Analysis Strategy Framework for Impact Assessment in Information Security Management Systems: A Case Study in IT Consulting Industry
Procurement Competence and Framework Agreements for Upgraded Bed Bug Control [Cimex lectularius (Hemiptera: Cimicidae)]
Monitoring grazing use: Strategies for leveraging technology and adapting to variability
The effort of partnership: Capacity development and moral capital in partnership for mutual gains
Managing the Tension between Trust and Confidentiality in Mobile Supply Chains
Infrastructural nature
Adaptation Strategies to a Changing Resource Base: Case of the Gillnet Nile Perch Fishery on Lake Victoria in Uganda
Roadmapping and Roadmaps: Definition and Underpinning Concepts
Do firms facing competitors from emerging markets behave differently? Evidence from Austrian manufacturing firms
Improving organizational and working conditions for managers in the Swedish public sector: A conceptual model and evaluation of interventions
The strategic advantage of mature-stage firms: Digitalization and the diversification of professional sport into esports
Rhetorical history and strategic marketing: the example of Starbucks
Dynamic Capabilities to Achieve Corporate Sustainability: A Roadmap to Sustained Competitive Advantage
Does supply chain finance adoption improve organizational performance? A moderated and mediated model
Can big data analytics help organisations achieve sustainable competitive advantage? A developmental enquiry
Local ecological knowledge and wetland management in the Ethiopian Rift Valley
Simulation Analysis of Bus Passenger Boarding and Alighting Behavior Based on Cellular Automata
Planning for small town reorientation: Key policy choices within external support
The implementation of activity-based costing by a local government: an actor-network theory and trial of strength perspective
Legislative reforms and market dynamics in the provision of urban water service by private contract operators in Spain
Combined Management of Groundwater Resources and Water Supply Systems at Basin Scale Under Climate Change
Systems approach to the sustainable management of urban public parks
Measuring tourism success: are we on the brink of a new paradigm?
Research on Dynamic Cooperative Replenishment Optimization of Shipbuilding Enterprise Inventory Control under Uncertainty
Factors Influencing the Adoption of Big Data Analytics in the Digital Transformation Era: Case Study of Jordanian SMEs
Systemizing the Management of University-Industry Collaboration: Assessment and Roadmapping
Research on the TRM Kaizen Method for Governmental Organizations to Apply Technology Roadmapping as a Methodology to Achieve the Goals of Industrial Technology Policy
Exploring Differentiated Conservation Priorities of Urban Green Space Based on Tradeoffs of Ecological Functions
Strategic discarding reduces seabird numbers and contact rates with trawl fishery gears in the Southwest Atlantic
A chance-constrained dial-a-ride problem with utility-maximising demand and multiple pricing structures
Reconciling the micro- and macro-perspective in agricultural energy efficiency analysis for sustainable development
A journey towards a digital platform business model: A case study in a global tech-company
Exploring the Involvement of Experts in Strategic Roadmapping with Large Groups
In the Eye of the Storm: A Quantitative and Qualitative Account of the Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Dutch Home Healthcare
Optimizing the Water Ecological Environment of Mining Cities in the Yangtze River Economic Belt Using the Cloud Model, CV-TOPSIS, and Coupling Coordination Degree
One Health Action against Human Fascioliasis in the Bolivian Altiplano: Food, Water, Housing, Behavioural Traditions, Social Aspects, and Livestock Management Linked to Disease Transmission and Infection Sources
Effect of voluntary cooperativisation on livelihood capital of smallholder dairy farmers in the southwest of Bangladesh
Strategies for Waste Recycling: The Mechanical Performance of Concrete Based on Limestone and Plastic Waste
Benefits of Stakeholder integration in an ecosystem services assessment of Mount Carmel Biosphere Reserve, Israel
Economy-wide impact of conventional development policies in oil-exporting developing countries: The case of Mexico
Unintended consequences of additional support on the publications of universities: Evidence from China
Transformer in navigation: Diverse government roles for open innovation in China's high-speed rail
Exploring Innovation Ecosystem of Incumbents in the Face of Technological Discontinuities: Automobile Firms
Revisiting critical factors of logistics outsourcing relationship: a multiple-case study approach
Modelling and simulating a multi-modal and multi-dimensional technology interaction framework: The case of vehicle powertrain technologies in the US market
Value Improving Practices in Production of Hydrocarbon Resources in the Arctic Regions
ICT Supported Urban Sustainability by Example of Silesian Metropolis
India’s China strategy under Modi continuity in the management of an asymmetric rivalry
Energy Management Strategy of a Novel Electric Dual-Motor Transmission for Heavy Commercial Vehicles Based on APSO Algorithm
Aligning strategic position, behavior, and structure for smart service businesses in manufacturing
Heading for Tomorrow: Resilience Strategies for Post-COVID-19 Grocery Supply Chains
A reliability-cost optimisation model for maintenance scheduling of wastewater treatment's power generation engines
Dynamic stability: Unfolding dynamics of vicious cycles in a design firm
F(i)unding Your Way: A Managerial Compass for Social Organizations
Exploring the black box of competitive advantage – An integrated bibliometric and chronological literature review approach
Embedding Circular Economy Principles into Urban Regeneration and Waste Management: Framework and Metrics
The invention performance implications of coopetition: How technological, geographical, and product market overlaps shape learning and competitive tension in R&D alliances
Effect of CSR and Ethical Practices on Sustainable Competitive Performance: A Case of Emerging Markets from Stakeholder Theory Perspective
Storage tanks’ olive mill wastewater management in Tunisia
Wind corridor planning and management strategies using cold air characteristics: The application in Korean cities
How Higher Education Promotes the Integration of Sustainable Development Goals—An Experience in the Postgraduate Curricula
Impact of Green Construction Procurement on Achieving Sustainable Economic Growth Influencing Green Logistic Services Management and Innovation Practices
Supply Chain Management Strategy and Capital Structure of Global Information and Communications Technology Companies
Twenty-first century hydrologic and climatic changes over the scarcely gauged Jhelum river basin of Himalayan region using SDSM and RCPs
Interpreting the water use strategies of plantation tree species by canopy stomatal conductance and its sensitivity to vapor pressure deficit in South China
Strategic locations for logistics distribution centers along the Belt and Road: Explorative analysis and research agenda
An assessment framework for the transformation of mobility 4.0 in smart cities
Potential contribution of SFL to task-based research: An examination of planning effects using genre-based theme analysis
Does Public-Loan Management Matter for Sustainable Finance and Operation Risk?
Mitigation co-benefits of climate change adaptation: A case-study analysis of eight cities
Community action on natural flood management and the governance of a catchment-based approach in the UK
Looming challenge of photovoltaic waste under China's solar ambition: A spatial–temporal assessment
Quantifying supply chain food loss in China with primary data: A large-scale, field-survey based analysis for staple food, vegetables, and fruits
Who Uses Virtual Wardrobes? Investigating the Role of Consumer Traits in the Intention to Adopt Virtual Wardrobes
How do embodied experiences of asthma influence caregiver conceptual models?
Transcending the silos through project management office: Knowledge transactions, brokerage roles, and enabling factors
Integrated PSS Roadmapping Using Customer Needs and Technology Change Likelihood
Integrity control analysis of natural gas hydrate production wellbore using system method and game theory
Identifying priority planning areas of Istanbul for climate change preparedness
Local hunting practices and perceptions regarding the distribution and ecological role of the Large Flying Fox (Chiroptera: Pteropodidae: Pteropus vampyrus) in western Sarawak, Malaysian Borneo
Identification of ozone sensitivity for NO2 and secondary HCHO based on MAX-DOAS measurements in northeast China
Intellectual capital, blockchain-driven supply chain and sustainable production: Role of supply chain mapping
Racialised professionals’ experiences of selective incivility in organisations: A multi-level analysis of subtle racism
Assessing face mask littering in urban environments and policy implications: The case of Bangkok
Investigating the effect of social media application on firm capabilities and performance: The perspective of dynamic capability view
Consumer-to-consumer product exchanges for original fashion brands in the sharing economy: Good or bad for fashion knockoffs?
Promoting business model innovation through social media strategic capability: A moderated mediation model
Technology Roadmapping Using Text Mining: A Foresight Study for the Retail Industry
Transportation Infrastructure or Economic Power? Development of the Automobile Industry in the United States
URBAN BUILDING GOVERNANCE IN IRANIAN RESEARCHER’S REPRESENTATIONS: THE CASE STUDY OF TEHRAN CITY
Biodiversity conservation in private forests: Factors driving landowner's attitude
Toward fairer global reward: Lessons from international non-governmental organizations
Designing flexibility procurement markets for congestion management – investigating two-stage procurement auctions
Sustainable Transitions Narratives: An Analysis of the Literature through Topic Modelling
A game theoretical analysis of metro-integrated city logistics systems
Mode-decomposition memory reinforcement network strategy for smart generation control in multi-area power systems containing renewable energy
Distributions of native and invasive Typha (cattail) throughout the Prairie Pothole Region of North America
E-commerce platform canvassing and service upgrade in an ocean shipping supply chain
You Shall (Not) Pass: Strategies for Third-Party Gatekeepers to Enhance Volunteer Inclusion
Hybrid business models in the sharing economy: The role of business model design for managing the environmental paradox
Life cycle assessment of floating offshore wind farms: An evaluation of operation and maintenance
Integrating Urban Planning and Water Management Through Green Infrastructure in the United States-Mexico Border
Energy Management Strategy for Hybrid Energy Storage Electric Vehicles Based on Pontryagin’s Minimum Principle Considering Battery Degradation
New conservation status for data-deficient endemic mammals of East Africa
Activities, destination image, satisfaction and loyalty in a small island destination
Creating Shared Value and Strategic Corporate Social Responsibility through Outsourcing within Supply Chain Management
Eradication of feral goats, not population control, as a strategy to conserve plant communities on Mediterranean islets
The Incentive Study in the Blockchain Era: A Two-Period Strategic Inventory Game
Knowledge Sharing in Roadmapping: Toward a Multilevel Explanation
Does Managerial Use of Performance Information Matter to Organizational Outcomes?
Optimized Hot Spot and Directional Distribution Analyses Characterize the Spatiotemporal Variation of Large Wildfires in Washington, USA, 1970−2020
The role of aesthetics and art in organizational sustainability: A conceptual model and exploratory study in higher education
Organizational legitimacy perception: Gender and uncertainty as bias for evaluation criteria
Organizational Learning at Purpose-Driven Enterprise: Action–Research Model for Leadership Improvement
Marine spatial planning and ocean accounting: Synergistic tools enhancing integration in ocean governance
Leveraging sustainable development of agriculture with sustainable water management: The empirical investigation of “Five Water Cohabitation” of Zhejiang Province in China
Exploring the research landscape of convergence from a TIM perspective: A review and research agenda
Encouraging proactive governance of marine biological diversity of areas beyond national jurisdiction through Strategic Environmental Assessment (SEA)
Game theoretical analysis of service effort timing scheme strategies in dual-channel supply chains
What to Sell and How to Sell Matters: Focusing on Luxury Hotel Properties’ Business Performance and Efficiency
The impact of a store brand introduction in a supply chain with competing manufacturers: The strategic role of pricing and advertising decision timing
The spatiotemporal variation in heavy metals in China's farmland soil over the past 20 years: A meta-analysis
Innovation leadership through technology transfer: Case of Turkish industry
Integrating inspection management (IM) in piping system of petroleum industry in Iran
The disclosure of sustainable development goals (SDGs) by the top 50 Australian companies: substantive or symbolic legitimation?
MANAGERIAL NEURO - HETERODOX ATTITUDE IN DISORDERED SCENARIO
DEVELOPING AN MCDA MODEL FOR CHOOSING CRITERIA USED IN PROJECT RANKING
The volatility spillover effect of macroeconomic indicators and strategic commodities on inflation: evidence from India
A substitute for poor institutions? Interorganizational affiliations in the alliance formation process
Evolutionary game analysis on live streaming commerce considering brand awareness and anchor influence
Post-pandemic responsible management education: an invitation for a conceptual and practice renewal and for a narrative change
People Analytics Enabling HR Strategic Partnership: A Review
Approaching circular economy in an emerging economy: a solid-waste reutilization initiative in a small fresh market in Thailand
Does change agent selection procedure matter? A strategic decision-making toward a more objective selection approach
Mergers by family firms and managerial delegation: a Cournot model and empirical evidence from Spain
Incorporating Movements for Racial Justice into Planning and Management of U.S. National Parks
Environmental and Socioeconomic Impacts of Poly(ethylene terephthalate) (PET) Packaging Management Strategies in the EU
The impacts of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues in achieving sustainable lithium supply in the Lithium Triangle
Is a new office a blessing in disguise? The strategic importance of relocation
ISO 21500 and success management: an integrated model for project management
Cost/benefit assessment of green infrastructure: Spatial scale effects on uncertainty and sensitivity
Perceived usefulness and adoption of Koha integrated library systems by librarians in universities in Southern Nigeria
Seafood festivals for local development in Italy and Sweden
Energy crisis in Brazil: Impact of hydropower reservoir level on the river flow
The Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on the Use of Library-Licensed Electronic Resources: Using Data to Challenge Core Assumptions and Leveraging Disruption to Initiate Meaningful Strategic Change
R&D investment in new energy vehicle enterprises: The differential moderating effects of financial slack and government subsidies; [新能源汽车企业研发资金投入:财务冗余与 政府补贴的不同调节作用]
Implementing asset data management in power companies
The impact of knowledge management on intellectual property risk prevention: analysis from China’s strategic emerging industries
Appropriation of sustainability priorities to gain strategic advantage in a supply chain
The “CEO in context” technique revisited: A replication and extension of Hambrick and Quigley (2014)
Soil Erosion Assessment of Alpine Grassland in the Source Park of the Yellow River on the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau, China
Determinants of sustainable competitive advantage from resource-based view: implications for hotel industry
The nexus between diversity management (DM) and organizational performance (OP): mediating role of cognitive and affective diversity
Cochleovestibular findings linked to COVID-19: A scoping review for clinical care planning in South Africa
THE HEXAGON OF DRIVING FORCESFOR IMPROVING PERFORMANCE OF VIRTUAL PROJECT TEAMS INEMERGING ECONOMIES
Ex-auditor executives and investment efficiency: evidence from Indonesia
Female CEO succession and corporate social disclosure in China: unveiling the significance of ownership status and firm performance
New wine in old bottles: governing logics for applying sustainability management control systems in Austrian electric utilities
Modelling the drivers of responsiveness of automotive supply chain using an integrated fuzzy DEMATEL-ISM approach
Optimal thermal and power planning considering economic and environmental issues in peak load management
Bolstering measures for adopting lean construction in the South African construction industry
Godrej commercial network contingency planning: in context COVID
Spatial and temporal variability and data bias in wastewater surveillance of SARS-CoV-2 in a sewer system
Using Dynamic, Fuels-Based Fire Probability Maps to Reduce Large Wildfires in the Great Basin
Corporate governance in today’s world: Looking back and an agenda for the future
Bioclimatic modelling of Lantana camara invasion in the Shivalik landscape of Western Himalaya
Walking the tightrope: successful management of public and private interests in hybrid state-owned enterprises
DETERMINANTS OF UKRAINIAN AGRO-INDUSTRIAL COMPANIES' STOCK PRICE MOVEMENTS
Evaluating Australian drought policy from the perspective of good-practice strategic policymaking
Preprocessing approaches in machine-learning-based groundwater potential mapping: An application to the Koulikoro and Bamako regions, Mali
The impact of cross-functional coordination on customer coordination and operational performance: an information processing view
Doing safe while doing good: Slack, risk management capabilities, and the reliability of value creation through CSR
Enhancing Procurement Quality Performance in a Developing Country: The Roles of Procurement Audit and Top Management Commitment
Innovation diffusion effects on student housing investment in Ghana
The role of orientation towards sustainability in supply chains: Insights from empirical experiences
Strengthening the State through Crisis Management: Battles against the SARS and COVID-19 Pandemics in China
SYSTEM OF PAYMENTS FOR ECOSYSTEM SERVICES WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION POLICIES: A LEGAL-DOCUMENTARY ANALYSIS; [SISTEMA DE PAGOS POR SERVICIOS ECOSISTÉMICOS EN EL MARCO DE LAS POLÍTICAS DE MITIGACIÓN DEL CAMBIO CLIMÁTICO: UN ANÁLISIS JURÍDICODOCUMENTAL]
From crisis management to realignment of forces the diplomatic “geometry” of the 1969–1978 sino-soviet border talks
Strategic improvisation: an introductory conceptual framework
The Value and Pitfall of CM&#x0027;s Sustainability Signal Considering OEM&#x0027;s Greenwash
Return policy for online retailers in the presence of product value uncertainty and consumer anticipated regret; [消费者对产品估值不确定与后悔效应下 在线零售商退货策略研究]
A Turning Points analysis of Cross-Border Merger and Acquisition Negotiations
Value co-creation as a mediator between strategic planning and social enterprise performance
External drivers of participation in regional collaborative water planning
Empower me or not? Influence of societal culture
Conflict of energies: spatially modeling mule deer caloric expenditure in response to oil and gas development
COVID-19: accelerator or demolisher of the RME agenda?
Indispensable components of creativity, innovation, and FMCG companies' competitive performance: a resource-based view (RBV) of the firm
Nonlinear pricing for yield management and countering strategic consumer behavior
Implementing strategic disposability for performance evaluation: Innovation, stability, profitability and corporate social responsibility in Chinese banking
Increased hydropower production and hydropeaking mitigation along the Upper Inn River (Tyrol, Austria) with a combination of buffer reservoirs, diversion hydropower plants and retention basins
Designing supply chain performance system: a strategic study on Indian manufacturing sector
Considering the corporeal to facilitate research to practice transitions
The factors influencing technological entrepreneurship in nanotechnology businesses
Customer Relationship Management a Strategic Tool: An empirical Study with reference to four wheeler automobile industry in Nagpur City
The mediation effects of finance on the relationship between service quality and performance of hospital facilities management services
Institutional pressures and strategic response to auditing implementation of sustainable development goals: the role of public sector auditors
The impact of market orientation on new product performance through product launch quality: A resource-based view
Internal projects as strategic tools: an organisation-level perspective and a research agenda
Struggles over waste: Preparing for re-use in the Danish waste sector
Examining distinctions and relationships between Creating Shared Value (CSV) and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in Eight Asia-based Firms
Strategic management of companies' adaptive behavior
Walking the managerial tightrope: top management involvement in product innovation projects
Cycle Pure Agarbathies: branding fragrance across the world
Six ways to leave a lover: how sensemaking of the purpose of internal social media changes over time in a public sector organization
Repeat tourists’ perceived unfavorable changes and their effects on destination loyalty
TERRITORIES WITH A SPECIAL REGIME FOR BUSINESS ACTIVITIES: LEGAL FRAMEWORKS OF SOCIAL POLICY
Relationship of Social Sustainability, Operational Performance and Economic Performance in Sustainable Supply Chain Management
Impact of Urban Landscaping on Improving the Sustainable Development of the Urban Environment. The Case of Nur-Sultan
Location, transshipment and routing: An adaptive transportation network integrating long-haul and local vehicle routing
The strategic organization of innovation: State of the art and emerging challenges
Factors Influencing the Implementation of Industry 4.0 for Sustainability in Manufacturing
Water dynamics and blue-green infrastructure (BGI): Towards risk management and strategic spatial planning guidelines
Industry and country effects on innovation effort
Impact of Resource Allocation Policies on Lead Time in a High-Mix Low-Volume Production System
Does risk disclosure reporting quality reduce credit risk of GCC conventional and Islamic banks?
Forecasting the Energy Capacity of Petrochemical Productions Under Conditions of Technological Transformations
Knowledge sharing among academics: why organizational narcissism in higher education matters?
Evaluating connections between personal well-being and adoption of landscape best management practices: An audience segmentation study
Multi-energy microgrid robust energy management with a novel decision-making strategy
A data-driven strategy using long short term memory models and reinforcement learning to predict building electricity consumption
Strategic Entry Decisions, Accounting Signals, and Risk Management Disclosure*
Coping with natural disasters: Political leadership framing of the 2018 wildfires in Greece
Strengthening the role of communication departments: A framework for positioning communication departments at the top of and throughout organizations
Content analysis and ranking of irregularities in public sector construction procurement in South Africa
The Background on Executive Background: An Integrative Review
Supply chain fairness
Cross Cultural and Strategic Management: a retrospective overview using bibliometric analysis
The improvement of firm performance and sustainability: militancy, customer focus, and bank agent experience as a moderating agent
Value Creation Measurement and Management in Times of Radical Social and Technological Change
Nudging innovation across the firm – aligning culture with strategy
Revenue management in a refurbishing duopoly with cannibalization
SOIL INFILTRATION IN VARIOUS AREAS AS A BASIS FOR HYDRLOGICAL ALTERATIONS IN THE TOBOLI WATERSHED, CENTRAL SULAWESI, INDONESIA
The linkage between high performance work systems on organizational performance, employee voice and employee innovation
The nexus between green human resource management processes and the sustainability of educational institutions: the mediating effect of strategic excellence
Addressing strategic human resource management practices for TQM: the case of an Indian tire manufacturing company
Competitive analysis: a determinant in Freshood Express Store expansion strategy
A Framework for Sustainable Tourism Development in and around National Parks
Public sector fraud: the Malaysian perspective
Leading the Board in a Crisis: Strategy and Performance Implications of Board Chair Directive Leadership
Behavioral intention model for green information technology adoption in Nigerian manufacturing industries
Exploring human resource work design, learning mechanism and TQM: through the lens of activity theory and contextual learning theory
Family business system dynamics in the aftermath of in-law entry: A reflection on emotions and strategic change
The World Heritage Convention at 50: management, credibility and sustainable development
Diversification or specialisation? Farmers' cropping strategy and economic performance under climate change in China
Total travel costs minimization strategy of a dual-stack fuel cell logistics truck enhanced with artificial potential field and deep reinforcement learning
High performance work systems and perceived organizational support: The contribution of human resource department's organizational embodiment
Managing campgrounds and “glampgrounds”
Unfolding the simple heuristics of smart solution development
Enablers of knowledge management: practical research-based in the construction industry
Enhancing TQM’s effect on small business performance: a PLS-SEM exploratory study of TQM applied with a comprehensive strategic approach
Chefs' competencies: a stakeholder's perspective
Moving ahead: how time is compressed and stretched in strategy work
Circular economy in the resource supply for regional industrial development; [Модели циркулярной экономики в ресурсообеспечении индустриального развития регионов]
Creating a low carbon economy through green supply chain management: investigation of willingness-to-pay for green products from a consumer’s perspective
A multicriteria decision analysis framework for developing and evaluating coastal retreat policy
Customer Experience: Conceptualization, Measurement, and Application in Omnichannel Environments
Strategies to mitigate ammonia and nitrous oxide losses across the manure management chain for intensive laying hen farms
Dynamic capabilities and ICT utilization in public organizations: An Empirical testing in local government
RISK SHARING STRATEGY FOR COLLABORATIVE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURING ENTERPRISES
Strategy maps: the middle management perspective
An Investigation of Organizational Culture of Higher Education: The Case of Hawassa University
Using unoccupied aerial vehicles to map and monitor changes in emergent kelp canopy after an ecological regime shift
Strategic technological determinant in smart destinations: obtaining an automatic classification of the quality of the destination
Credit Suisse–Greensill Saga: A Case of Risk Management Failure
Supplier's pricing strategy in the presence of consumer reviews
DEVELOPMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE DECISION SUPPORT TOOLS IN DISTANCE LEARNING QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESSES
Knowledge mapping of e-commerce supply chain management: a bibliometric analysis
Performance measure of maintenance practices for F-16 fighter jets by data envelopment analysis
Effects of form, fineness and placement of lime with and without soil tillage on barley and canola growth and development
Impact of Decadal Trends in the Surface Climate of the North Atlantic Subpolar Gyre on the Marine Environment of the Barents Sea
Orchestration of the complex environmental context: how does strategic management affect and dynamic capabilities mediate performance?
Back to School: CEOs’ Pre-Career Exposure to Religion, Firm's Risk-Taking, and Innovation
Farmers’ Strategies for Drought Adaptation Based on the Indigenous Knowledge System: The Case of Iran
Managing sensitive contractual disputes in construction: the Orange Line Metro Train Lahore project
Managing from a distance in international purchasing and supply
Are work–life policies fair for a woman’s career? An Italian qualitative study of the backlash phenomenon
Designing chief innovation officer positions: a strategic contingency framework
Mastering continuous improvement (CI): the roles and competences of mid-level management and their impact on the organisation's CI capability
Strategic capabilities for business model digitalization
Mapping urban energy–water–land nexus within a multiscale economy: A case study of four megacities in China
Political budget cycles at the municipal level in Slovakia: between structural dependence and electoral exhibitionism
Evolution of digital transformation in traditional enterprises: evidence from China
A review of open strategy: bridging strategy and public management research
India Post: its 21st-century avatar
Hybrid energy system optimization with battery storage for remote area application considering loss of energy probability and economic analysis
Space Traffic Management and Space Situational Awareness: The EU Perspective
Analysis of the Role of Promoting Sustainable Green Growth through Government Agencies in a Legal Context
Modelling and analysis for higher education shadow institutions in Indian context: an ISM approach
Allocation of battery energy storage in power distribution network: Placement, sizing, and scheduling
Lessons on social entrepreneurship in the health sector – the Swasth story
Broadening environmental governance ontologies to enhance ecosystem-based management in Aotearoa New Zealand
THE EFFECT OF GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN PRACTICES ON THE FIRM PERFORMANCE: AN EMPIRICAL RESEARCH
Data management efficiency: major opportunities for shared value innovation
Strategic management of Welsh language training on a macro and micro level
The Impact of Information Systems Management Elements on Human Resource Development: The Case of Jordan Commercial Bank
Campus sustainability in the Australian higher education sector: divergence and convergence in planning, reporting and tactics
Multi-agent behavior strategy game and evolutionary simulation analysis under environmental regulation
Green supply chain management practice adoption sequence: a cumulative capability perspective
Implications of Overwhelmed Leadership: How Executive Job Demands Hinder Corporate Sustainability Performance
Sustainable two stage supply chain management: A quadratic optimization approach with a quadratic constraint
Contextualisation of salinisation and adaptation preferences in the coastal areas of Bangladesh: Bringing together farmers' salinity perspectives into place-based policy initiatives
Mediating effect of productivity between sustainable supply chain management practices and competitive advantage: evidence from apparel manufacturing in Bangladesh
Adapting to dynamic business environments: a comparative study of family and non-family firms operating in Western Australia
A value chain development model for the public sector
On the challenges of inter-organisational data in real estate: the role of knowledge sharing
Expressway Lane Change in Fog Environment by Dynamic Strategic Game
Facing TBL with IoT: creating value and positively impacting business processes
Seeing business like a state: Firms and industries after the digital revolution
Audit committee characteristics, enterprise risk management and stock price synchronicity
Analysis of business behavior and HRM perspectives on post-COVID-19 SME business sustainability
A Review of International Management Research on Corporate Taxation
Paradoxical tensions of the COVID-19 pandemic: a paradox theory perspective on the role of management control systems in helping organizations survive crises
March-ing to the beat of a Maverick Drummer: insights from John Boyd to inform behavioral perspectives
An innovative approach to support interests’ alignment in the context of transport management using semantic differential
GLOBAL PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT USING THE SUSTAINABILITY BALANCED SCORECARD AND BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE—A CASE STUDY
Dynamic capabilities and governance: An empirical investigation of financial performance of the higher education sector
Organizational agility: do agile project management and networking capability require market orientation?
A dynamic performance measurement system for supply chain management
Exploring complementarity among interdependent pastoral institutions in Mongolia
Schaduf: adding a splash of greenery to grim cities
Designing a Model for the Effect of Content Marketing on the Effectiveness of E-Customer Relationship Management (Case Study: Iran Public Libraries Foundation)
The role of customers’ awareness towards the sustainable development goals (SDGs) of banks on their behavior
Build, buy, or partner? A systematic literature review on the choice between alternative modes of growth
Board gender diversity, national culture, and water disclosure of multinational corporations
To delegate or not to delegate? On the quality of voluntary corporate financial disclosure
The key role of the event in combining business and community-based logics for managing an ecosystem: Empirical evidence from Lyon e-Sport
Digital orientation, digital maturity, and digital intensity: determinants of financial success in digital transformation settings
Towards ecological place management in UK housing associations: organising tomorrow’s places
Power of the Vague: How Vision Statements Have Mobilized Change in Two Swedish Cities
Geopolitical Power Balancing in Biden’s Strategic Policy Making
Drawing a Developed Strategy Map in Balanced Scorecard Model in an Iron and Steel Company
Analyzing activist organizations as issue managers: introducing the issue campaign model
Vertical Coopetition: Effect of Supplier Relationship Management Strategies on Supplier Involvement in New Product Development
Integrated index of competitiveness as a basis for analysis of management systems for sustainable development of the territory
Public Goals and Government Expenditures: Are the Solutions of the “Modern Monetary Theory” Realistic?
Responding strategically to natural hazards: the role of hazard experience, infrastructure vulnerability, and risk perception in transit agency coordination with stakeholders
Research on the energy-saving effect evaluation of open-pit coal mines based on energy audit
Organizational Leadership through the Massive Transformative Purpose
Introducing strategic measures in public facilities management organizations: external and internal institutional work
Effects of Implementing Night Operation Signal Coordination on Arterials
Supply chain management in times of crisis: a systematic review
Councils, Managers.. and Consultants? Management Consulting and Complementarity in Municipal Strategy Implementation
Balancing strategic renewal, cost and efficiency: a case study in digital transformation
A conceptual model for understanding the relationships between sport stakeholder and authentic CSR
Infrastructure diplomacy and strategic signalling within the Three Seas Initiative
Cluster dynamics and firms’ strategies – an integrative framework
Managing ecosystem emergence and evolution: Strategies for ecosystem architects
The impacts of knowledge-oriented leadership on employees' knowledge management behaviors in Chinese based organizations: a qualitative study
INTERACTION OF EMPLOYER BRANDING AND VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION: LEVERAGE OF COMPETENCIES AND EMPLOYER ATTRACTIVENESS
Fuzzy logic applied in the prospecting of suitable areas for the establishment of commercial forest plantations
Development of long-term B2B customer relationships: the role of self-disclosure and relational cost/benefit evaluation
 Major sport stadia, water resources and climate change: impacts and adaptation
Tourism seasonality management strategies – what can we learn from payment data
Do mergers and acquisitions disrupt marketing capabilities?
The COVID crisis impact on open education in the field of healthcare management
Conquering talent challenges – the Troikaa way
Impact of Hoshin Kanri on lean management: a case study in the food retail industry
Investigating the effectiveness of health and safety management systems within construction organizations
Design thinking-based Data Analytic Lifecycle for improving management control in banks
Optimal long-term Tier 1 employee pension management with an application to Chinese urban areas
Ordeal or opportunity: IDPS journey through COVID-19 pandemic
The development status and prospect of contemporary marine fisheries
HOTEL FRONT LINE EMPLOYEES' PERCEPTIONS ON LEADERSHIP AND WORKPLACE MOTIVATION IN TIMES OF CRISIS
Prioritizing MoNE 2019-2023 Strategic Goals and Objectives with Analytical Hierarchy Process and Analysis of Relationship between Affecting-Affected Strategic Goals with DEMATEL Method*
Factors of research groups’ productivity: The case of the Ural Federal University
Effectiveness of aid projects in climate technology familiarization in recipient countries
Big data in professional sport: the perspective of practitioners in the NFL, MLB, NBA, and NHL
Innovating, exit or both? Strategic responses to crisis revisited from resource redeployment perspective: evidence from China
A Framework for Prioritization and Selection of Strategic Projects
Peering into a crystal ball: Forecasting behavior and industry foresight
DETERMINATION OF THE LEVEL OF STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT IN SMEs
Change Management and Advanced Wireless Network Implementation: Detection of Monetization Opportunities and Challenges
How does international entrepreneurial orientation influence firms' internationalization? An exploration with Indian software product top management teams
The Role of Stakeholders in Managing Government Research and Development Funding for Defence Industrial Innovation: The Case of Malaysia
Coopetition of European Union Countries within Destination Management
The deployment of theory in logistics research: A systematic literature review
A methodological framework for the implementation of an interdisciplinary business analytics program using ordinal game theory
Operationalizing the Sustainable Fertilizer Management Global Initiative at National Level: A Conceptual Framework; [Реалізація глобальної ініціативи з управління добривами на національному рівні: концептуальні засади]
Resilience in healthcare systems: Cyber security and digital transformation
Digital transformation of small and medium enterprises: a systematic literature review and an integrative framework
CEO transformational leadership and firm innovation: the role of strategic flexibility and top management team knowledge diversity
Gender diversity and firm performance: when diversity at middle management and staff levels matter
Sharing Scientific Knowledge on Glaciers to the General Public: The Role of Glacier Interpretation Centres in Mountain Tourism Diversification Strategies
Presented and prioritizing waste management strategies using SWOT and QSPM approach in two private hospitals in Yazd in 2021
Leveraging technological factors and strategic alliances to achieve sustainable development goals
Preparing for the next pandemic: adopt, adapt or improve?
Online communities on competing platforms: Evidence from game wikis
Assessing the adaptive reuse of heritage houses in Sultanate of Oman
Technological forecasting using mixed methods approach
THE INVOLVEMENT OF NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT BANKS IN PROMOTING SUSTAINABLE FINANCE
How AI Helps to Increase Organizations&#x2019; Capacity to Manage Complexity &#x2013; A Research Perspective and Solution Approach Bridging Different Disciplines
Planning policies for transition from historical quarters of the global city of Yazd to urban creativity, a case study: Fahadan quarter
Leading change and innovation in Ghana’s banking sector: the mediating role of work autonomy
Information security investment with budget constraint and security information sharing in resource-sharing environments
Sarvaay Solutions – creating value innovation for farmers
A BLENDED APPROACH OF LEAN SIX SIGMA AND TRIZ TO DISCOVER AN OPTIMAL LEVEL FOR EMPLOYEE EMPOWERMENT IN PURCHASING INDUSTRIAL MATERIALS
The impact of diversification on bank stability in India
Bibliometric analysis of strategic entrepreneurship literature
The perceived relevance of design thinking in achieving innovation goals: The individual microfoundations perspective
Enhancing the strategic alignment between environmental drivers of sustainability and the performance management system in Italian manufacturing firms
STRATEGIES FOR VILLAGE TOURISM DEVELOPMENT IN COASTAL DURING COVID-19: CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES
Adoption, adaptation or chance? Inter-organisational diffusion of the protection of civilians norm from the UN to the African Union
Public land for urban food policy? A critical data-analysis of public land transactions in the Ghent city region (Belgium)
Putting the “service” into B2B marketing: key developments in service research and their relevance for B2B
The impact of market information use on entrepreneurial performance: insights from the UK food industry
How important strategic learning capabilities are during COVID-19? A model for innovation ambidexterity
One for All, All for One: A Mixed Methods Case Study into the Role Organisational and Personal Interests Play on Cooperation in Dutch Integrated Dementia Care Networks
Novelty and scope of process innovation: The role of related and unrelated manufacturing experience
IMPACT OF TALENT MANAGEMENT PRACTICES ON ORGANISATIONAL ENGAGEMENT IN START-UPS IN INDIA; [WPŁYW PRAKTYK ZARZĄDZANIA TALENTAMI NA ZAANGAŻOWANIE ORGANIZACYJNE W START-UP-ach W INDIACH]
The role of social media as a voluntary intellectual capital disclosure in universities: Evidence from Indonesia
Co-Design for Novelty Anchoring Into Multiple Socio-Technical Systems in Transitions: The Case of Earth Observation Data
Impacts of urbanization at city cluster scale on ecosystem services along an urban–rural gradient: a case study of Central Yunnan City Cluster, China
Impacts of urban expansion on natural habitats in global drylands
Reforming China’s fertilizer policies: implications for nitrogen pollution reduction and food security
QUALITY MANAGEMENT IN THE CONTOURS OF CONTINUOUS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT
Robust supply chain design with suppliers as system integrators: an aerospace case study
Evolutionary philosophical games in strategic management
FACTORS AFFECTING PROJECT PERFORMANCE IN EMERGING CONSTRUCTION FIRMS: A MODERATED MEDIATION MODEL
Strategic alignment of enterprise architecture management–how portfolios of control mechanisms track a decade of enterprise transformation at Commerzbank
A theoretical study on managing the intangible component of the knowledge base of an organisation
An exploration of contextual factors affecting the nexus of competitive strategy and human resource management practices in Nigeria emerging economy context
Boat: the Indian startup scripts a revolutionizing growth strategy
Assessing key factors for sporting industry sustainable development through multilayer artificial perceptron neural network approach
Robotics at dimension data: friend or foe of the human in process automation?
Visual communication and the management of passenger conduct: A visual analysis of transit etiquette posters by Japanese railway companies
Analysing the Strategic Role of Communication Practitioners in South African Universities
Continuous improvement of information security management: an organisational learning perspective
Investment policy of Moroccan family businesses in times of crisis: the role of cultural logics, family reputation and imitation effect
When the display of emotion is not enough: An emotion boundary management perspective on the quality of strategic decisions
Goodwill or “No-will”: Hubris in the tone at the top
Do Private Strategic Investors Improve Capital Allocation Efficiency of SOEs? Evidence from China
Does hiring a manager improve efficiency – owner vs. non-owner management control of rice mills
What to Say and How to Say It? Corporate Strategic Communication through Social Media during the Pandemic
Challenges and opportunities for sustainable solid waste management in private nature reserves: The case of Sabi Sand Wildtuin, South Africa
Managing Stakeholder Opportunism in Public-Private Partnership (PPP) Housing Projects
The impact of COVID-19 on the US renewable and non-renewable energy consumption: a sectoral analysis based on quantile on quantile regression approach
The effects of CEO activism: Partisan consumer behavior and its duration
Organizational learning culture and sustainable competitive advantage: implications for organizational development specialists
Reselling or agency selling? The strategic role of live streaming commerce in distribution contract selection
QUALITY MANAGEMENT OF HIGHER EDUCATION FOR INCREASING THE COMPETITIVENESS OF LABOUR RESOURCES
THE INFLUENCE OF TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATIVE CAPABILITIES ON FIRM PERFORMANCE: MODERATING EFFECT OF STRATEGIC AGILITY
Sensing time and potential in a speed skating development program
A structural equation model to assess the effects of strategic and project related potential risks on project delivery in Qatar
Balancing is a necessity not leisure: a study on work–life balance witnessing healthcare sector of Pakistan
Locating a facility to simultaneously address access and coverage goals
The integration of logistics and marketing practice into baseline supply chain practices in the emerging markets
Using product lifecycle management (PLM) to re-think fashion business education: an assessment of pedagogical practices and learning benefits
BUILDING A CONCEPTUAL FRAMEWORK FOR USING BIG DATA ANALYTICS IN THE BANKING SECTOR
Evaluation of the pharmaceutical distribution and warehousing companies through an integrated Fermatean fuzzy entropy-WASPAS approach
Sales manager encouragement behavior in value-centered business models
Restaurant analytics: Emerging practice and research opportunities
Temporal Dynamics in Acquisition Behavior: The Effects of Activity Load on Strategic Momentum
Reconceptualizing cybersecurity awareness capability in the data-driven digital economy
Collaborations that hurt firm performance but help employees’ careers
A nationwide strike uncovers unethical practices: consulting on socially responsible collaborator management in Mexico
Extended producer responsibility in developing economies: Assessment of promoting factors through retail electronic firms for sustainable e-waste management
Innovative income source and risk in banking: a study of public sector banks in India
Expressions of Gratitude Applied to Business: A Lesson for Managing Online Reviews
Apathy is not Enough: Changing Modes of Student Management in Post-Mao China
Determinism vs. solidarism: the philanthropic approach of foundations
Industry 4.0 in food processing: drivers, challenges and outcomes
The impact of coercive pressure and ethical responsibility on cross-functional green management and firm performance
A ROBUST MULTI-OBJECTIVE MODEL FOR MANAGING THE DISTRIBUTION OF PERISHABLE PRODUCTS WITHIN A GREEN CLOSED-LOOP SUPPLY CHAIN
Meta-analytically linking the marketing mix to hospitality organizations’ performance
Moderna’s Spikevax: a prickly pricing decision
Ice-locked huts, snow-buried cairns, and sunken ships: the prevailing discourse on heritage in antarctica
Not all roads lead to Rome: non-equifinality in dynamic capabilities and process configuration
Understanding goal formation in strategic public management: a proposed theoretical framework
Strategic planning and performance perceptions of managers and citizens: analysing multiple mediations
The Influence of Strategic Disclosure on Corporate Climate Performance Ratings
Observed heterogeneity in players' football performance analysis using PLS-PM
Maruti Suzuki India Limited: toward cleaner mobility
Putting implementation into context: Exploring the influence of physical, social, and task contexts on the implementation of health promotion programs
Driving Course Engagement Through Multimodal Strategic Technologies
Emotional & technological impact on managerial competencies: outlining the development agenda
Three-player game-theoretic allocation of indivisible resources during natural disasters
PHP India: the e-commerce dilemma
Tourist trust toward a tourism destination: scale development and validation
A rational framework for post-flood road network condition recovery
New perspective on platform work - internal crowdworking as an instrument to facilitate strategic human resources management
Supporting local school reform toward education for sustainable development: The need for creating and continuously negotiating a shared vision and building trust
Fortune heart healthy oil: when a strong brand strategy hits a cardiac roadblock!
Supplementary and Complementary Congruence at the Apex of the Organization: Management and Board as a Strategic-Oriented Multiteam System
Solid waste management program in developing countries: contingent valuation methodology versus choice experiment
I CAN'T GET NO SATISFACTION: EXPLORING INDONESIAN GUESTS' SATISFACTION AND SERVICE QUALITY IN SOUTH AFRICAN HOTELS
Facilitating systemic eco-innovation to pave the way for a circular economy: A qualitative-empirical study on barriers and drivers in the European polyurethane industry
Maujan.pk: Nothing Ventured; Nothing Gained
BUFFER MODEL DETERMINATION OF SYSTEMIC STRATEGIC RISKS FOR BORROWERS IN FORCE MAJEURE CIRCUMSTANCES
Optimising water resources management by Using Water Evaluation and Planning (WEAP) in the West of Iraq
A Service Value Chain Co-Creation Strategy for Citizen-Centric Organizations
Vertical integration of GP practices with acute hospitals in England and Wales: Rapid evaluation
Strategic use of just-below numbers in packaged-foods calorie information
Logics of Othering: Sweden as Other in the time of COVID-19
Political Party System and Enterprise Innovation: Is China Different?
Contractor selection for green buildings based on the fuzzy Kano model and TOPSIS: a developer satisfaction perspective
Museum communication management in digital ecosystems. Impact of COVID-19 on digital strategy
“The pitous pite deserveth”: Justice, Violence, and Pity in the Prioress’s Tale and “The Jew and the Pagan”
The impact of dynamic capabilities on SME performance during COVID-19
Managing interviews in high-stake crime cases: practice guidance for developing suspect interview strategies using a LOST WEBSITES framework
Environmental strategy and the petroleum industry: a sustainability balanced scorecard approach
INFORMALITY AS CRISIS MANAGEMENT? – WORK RELATIONSHIPS IN INTER-MUNICIPAL COOPERATION DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC IN RHINELAND-PALATINATE, GERMANY
Robust governance for the long term and the heat of the moment: Temporal strategies for coping with dual crises
A study on adoption enablers of 3D printing technology for sustainable food supply chain
QUALITY MANAGEMENT IMPLEMENTATION AND THEIR IMPACT ON OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE OF PAKISTAN’S FOOD PROCESSING SMEs
Strategic HRM and Firm Performance: Mediating Role of Knowledge Management Capacity and Innovation Performance
Overcoming critical failure factors in enterprise information systems implementation: A viable system model framework for manufacturing firms
Impact of Knowledge Management Models on Entrepreneurial Organizations and Mediating Role of Strategic Entrepreneurship: An Exploratory Study of Asiacell Mobile Communications, Iraq
How Ambidextrous Human Resource System Affect Employee Creativity? A Study in the Pakistani Context
Exploring the outcomes of digital marketing on historic sites' visitor behaviour
Multi-project work and project performance: Friends or foes?
Liquidity and CSR: a chicken and egg story
Disaster risk reduction: Integrating sustainable development goals and occupational safety and health in festival and event management
Financial literacy for well-being: Scientific mapping and bibliometric analysis
A sustainable supplier selection method using integrated Fuzzy DEMATEL–ANP–DEA approach (case study: Petroleum Industry)
THE INTERACTION BETWEEN RENEWABLE ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND THE INSTITUTIONAL FRAMEWORK FROM THE CIRCULAR ECONOMY-BASED PERSPECTIVE
Is the global supply chain hard to reverse? Understanding manufacturing strategies of Chinese, Japanese, and South Korean Firms
The impact of foreign directors and firm performance on strategic change
The dynamics of institutional arrangements for climate change adaptation in small island developing states in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans
Optimizing the Issue of Blood Supply Chain Network Design with a Reliability Approach
The brand manager as practical author. An empirical study of the co-creation of a CSR-based brand
The educational content and methods for big data courses including big data cluster analysis
Mass poisonings of the Vulnerable Andean condor prompt national strategy against the use of toxic baits in Argentina
Strategic Communication and Political Ideologies in South America. COVID-19 Crisis Management in the Cases of the Populist Governments of Argentina and Brazil
Integrating the two-stage of non-radial DEA model and BCG methods to evaluate the performance with strategic trajectory: a case study of securities industry
Beyond revenue diversification: Service diversification and service costs in nonprofit acute care hospitals
Group processes and interoperability: A longitudinal case study analysis of the UK's civil contingency response to Covid-19
How can the European Common Agricultural Policy help halt biodiversity loss? Recommendations by over 300 experts
The Determinants of International Performance for Family Firms: Understanding the Effects of Resources, Capabilities, and Market Orientation
TEACHING CASE STUDY: CHALLENGES AND UNCERTAINTIES IN RIO'S HOSPITALITY INDUSTRY: THE CASE OF ASTOR HOTELS
Mapping intrapreneurship through the dimensions of happiness at work and internal communication
Exploring the daily mobility rhythms in an urban environment: using the data from intelligent transport systems
Navigating a global pandemic crisis through marketing agility: evidence from Italian B2B firms
Predicting Publics’ Compliance with Containment Measures at the Early Stages of COVID-19: The Role of Governmental Transparent Communication and Public Cynicism
Factors inhibiting effective organisational performance management: insights from the South African public sector
Strategies implementing cash waqf system for Baitul Maal wat Tamwil to improve its commercial and social activities
DESIGN OF VERBAL MODELS FOR FORMING AN OPTIMAL STRATEGY FOR SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT OF SERVICE ENTERPRISES IN THE CONDITIONS OF A CRISIS; [РОЗРОБКА ВЕРБАЛЬНОЇ МОДЕЛІ ФОРМУВАННЯ ОПТИМАЛЬНОЇ СТРАТЕГІЇ СТАЛОГО РОЗВИТКУ СЕРВІСНИХ ПІДПРИЄМСТВ В УМОВАХ КРИЗИ]
Sustainable knowledge management during crisis: Focus on Covid-19 pandemic
The role of leadership skills in the adoption of business intelligence and analytics by SMEs
Short-term impacts of the filling transition across elevations in intermittent water supply systems
Knowledge management enablers and knowledge management processes: a direct and configurational approach to stimulate green innovation
Towards sustainable construction through better construction and demolition waste management practices: a SWOT analysis of Suzhou, China
A Bayesian approach to nested data analysis: A primer for strategic management research
Evolution path and critical influencing factors of performance management system: a longitudinal case study in China
The HR ecosystem framework: Examining strategic HRM tensions in knowledge-intensive organizations with boundary-crossing professionals
Persistent Performance Differences in Lodging Properties
FinTechs and the financial industry: partnerships for success
Revisiting brand origin: expanding the strategic portfolio of brand-level attributes
A new perspective on: evolutionary processes and organizational adaptation
Returning to Normal in an Abnormal Environment: Mothers’ COVID-19 Uncertainties and Uncertainty Management Strategies
A general model for competency repositories and its instantiation to the information systems domain
Biology and conservation of marine turtles in the northwestern Indian Ocean: a review
Nexus among board characteristics, earnings management and dividend payout: evidence from an emerging market
A theoretical reflection on thermalism and communication: future perspectives in times of crisis
Economic Value of Salt Marshes under Uncertainty of Sea Level Rise: A Case Study of the Narragansett Bay
Identification and analysis of adoption barriers of disruptive technologies in the logistics industry
A Method for Monitoring and Evaluating the Management of a Nuclear Regulatory Body Using a New Approach for Cross-cutting Indicators
The current state of benchmarking use and networks in facilities management
Balanced scorecard and quality of urban life: Strategies for local development; [Cuadro de mando integral y calidad de vida urbana: Estrategias para el desarrollo local]
Tradition as a resource: Robust and radical interpretations of operatic tradition in the Italian opera industry, 1989–2011
The influence of corporate governance and shareholding structure on corporate social responsibility: The key role of executive compensation
STRATEGIC ENTREPRENEURSHIP AS A MAIN FACTOR FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF ECONOMIC ZONES IN BULGARIA
Digital Terrain Editing and Virtual Reality Visualization to Communicate Snow Coverage and Depth Change Related to Thermal Impacts
Construction Strategic Project Readiness Assessment
Factors Limiting Knowledge Management among Construction Small and Medium Enterprises
How do managers evaluate individual contributions to team production? A theory and empirical test
Integrated case for COVID-19: hospitality management, finance, marketing, strategy, and sustainability – “Good ‘Ol Camp Teddy amidst the COVID pandemic”
Computationally efficient approximate dynamic programming for multi-site production capacity planning with uncertain demands
Digital accreditations in MOOC-based training on sustainability: Factors that influence terminal efficiency
CONCEPTUAL UNDERSTANDING OF THE PECULIARITIES OF MANAGING INNOVATION-DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT OF THE STATE IN THE CURRENT CONDITIONS; [КОНЦЕПТУАЛЬНЕ ОСМИСЛЕННЯ ОСОБЛИВОСТЕЙ УПРАВЛІННЯ ІННОВАЦІЙНИМ РОЗВИТКОМ ДЕРЖАВИ В СУЧАСНИХ УМОВАХ]
International HRM headquarters as a top management group in Israel
Imperial Refugee Management. Moving Greek Refugees Through the British Empire and into the Belgian Congo (1942–1945)
Comprehensive performance evaluation of stormwater management measures for sponge city construction: A case study in Gui'an New District, China
SPATIAL PLANNING SYSTEMS WORLDWIDE
Portable Beta and Total Portfolio Management
Alpha Industrial Services Limited: Managing Safety Affordably
Traded Without Restraint Transfers of Small Arms and Light Weapons
Designing a Media Literacy Training Programme for Public Library Staff in Ireland: Preliminary Results and Observations of a University-Public Library Collaboration
Managing corporate social responsibility through social learning
Communicating Risk in Glacier Tourism: A Case Study of the Svínafellsheiði Fracture in Iceland
Catalyzing resource recombination in higher education through potential building and value realizing capabilities
The curvilinear effect of employee-experienced market-based HR systems on employee creativity in the Chinese context
Planning principles and particular places: planners’ and campaigners’ perspectives on motivations for popular support of the green belt
Study of development of regional railway system in Bukovyna
CFO and CEO Characteristics and Managerial Accounting Techniques (MAT’s) Usage: An Upper-Echelons Perspective
THE IMPACT OF EXPERIENTIAL MARKETING ON THE INTENTION TO REVISIT THE BRAND: COMPARING LARGE AND SMALL FAST-FOOD RESTAURANT CHAINS
Take it from the Top: How Intensity of TMT Joint Problem Solving and Levels of Interdependence Influence Quality of Strategy Implementation Coordination and Firm Performance
A study on the assessment of maintenance practices on business performance in Northern Indian SMEs
The impact of tariffs and price premiums of locally manufactured products on global manufacturers' sourcing strategies
Relationship of green human resource management with environmental performance: mediating effect of green organizational culture
Exploring micro-foundations of knowledge-based dynamic capabilities in social purpose organizations
Owner-based benefit evaluation of BIM applications in China's engineering projects
CONTRIBUTION OF WATER RESOURCE SYSTEMS ANALYSIS FOR THE DYNAMICS OF TERRITORIAL REBALANCING, CASE OF TAFNA SYSTEM, ALGERIA
Turning crises into opportunities in the service sector: how to build antifragility in small and medium service enterprises
SigmaTel: Adoption of distributor management system
Post-COVID-19 strategic sourcing decisions for escorting stakeholders’ expectations and supplier performance in construction project works
Job commitment, total quality management, information communication technology adoption, toxic leadership and job demands: a conceptual framework for student retention
Conceptualising a framework for school leaders as they foster an inclusive education culture in schools
Still fit for purpose? Reassessing and revising NATO’s core tasks
The effect of supply chain management through social media on competitiveness of the private hospitals in Jordan
Upgrading Indonesian Dairy Farmer Value Chain based on Economic Resilience Approach during Covid-19
Resilience actions of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) living in camp-like settings: a Northern Nigeria case study
The Organization of Networking and Gender Inequality in the New Economy: Evidence from the Tech Industry
Intellectual capital between measurement and reporting: a structured literature review
Drivers of facility management strategies used in multi-tenanted office buildings in Ghana
Translating Best Practice Principles into criteria for evaluating the consideration of biodiversity in SEA practice
Managing the Crisis: Learnings from ‘Zero Risque’
Personnel Review at age 50: a retrospective using bibliometric analysis
Infrastructure development: reflections on Sierra Leone infrastructure scheme and the Lungi Bridge project
Safety Knowledge Management Practices in Indian Construction Companies
Triaging your human capital: an integrative perspective on strategic human capital asset allocation
Accessibility analysis of urban fire stations within communities: a fine-scale perspective
Monetization of customer futures through machine learning and artificial intelligence based persuasive technologies
Enterprise Risk Management Maturity: A Clinical Study of a U.S. Multinational Nonprofit Firm
How do Russian National Systems of Institutional Absences Shape Insensitive Corporate Environmental Violence of a Russian Extractive Multinational Corporation?
Understanding the roles of expectation in making the open Programmable Harbour City (OPHC)
Dilemma of total allowable catch (TACs) allocated as shareable quotas: Applying a bio-economic game-theoretical approach to euro-mauritanian fisheries agreements
Exploring women's initiatives for family business resilience during the COVID-19 pandemic
Beyond survival mode: Organizational resilience capabilities in nonprofit arts and culture fundraising during the Covid-19 pandemic
NoPaperForms: enrolment engine for the education sector
Role of internal resources on the competitive advantage building in a knowledge-intensive organisation in an emerging market
Determining the drivers of earnings management among municipal enterprises: Evidence from Germany
Gautrain: contextualising strategic leadership of African rapid rail
Coordination in a not-for-profit organisation during the COVID-19 pandemic: organisational sensemaking during planning meetings
A Nexus Between Green Intelectual Capital, Supply Chain Integration, Digital Supply Chain, Supply Chain Agility, and Business Performance
Do primary HR functions model work in emerging economies? Sustainable compact perspective for Bangladeshi RMG industry
Smart semiconductor manufacturing for pricing, demand planning, capacity portfolio and cost for sustainable supply chain management
Energy storage for photovoltaic power plants: Economic analysis for different ion-lithium batteries
Information system assisted knowledge accounting and cognitive managerial implications
A Proposal of a Multi-Faced Approach for Building a Knowledge Management-Based Strategy in Small and Medium Companies
European banks’ business models as a driver of strategic planning: one size fits all
The social and economic outputs of SME-GSI research collaboration in an emerging economy: An ecosystem perspective
Human and natural resource exposure to extreme drought at 1.0 °c-4.0 °c warming levels
Tourism carrying capacity in the municipalities of Tolmin, Kobarid and Komen; [Turistična nosilna zmogljivost občin Tolmin, Kobarid in Komen]
Inventory management practices at a big-box retailer: a case study
Socio-emotional Wealth Preservation and Alliance Success in Family Firms: The Role of Political Instability and Alliance Management Capability
Constructing Technology Commercialization Capability: The Critical Role of User Engagement and Big data Analytics Capability
The platformization of military communication: The digital strategy of the Israel Defense Forces on Twitter
Project control system (PCS) implementation in engineering and construction projects: an empirical study in Saudi’s petroleum and chemical industry
How business strategy drives human resource practices in small and medium enterprises? Evidence from Pakistani autoparts industry
An international study on the implementation of programmatic assessment: Understanding challenges and exploring solutions
Autonomy in design: reconciling sport employee experiences with forced job design alterations
IoT solution for energy management and efficiency on a Brazilian university campus – a case study
Entrepreneurial responsible orientation in small and medium businesses: the case of Pakistan
Between market and mayor: talent management in Chinese private firms and the role of local governments
A meta-network-based management framework for megaproject social responsibility behaviour in China
A Call to Action to Save Jordanian SMEs during the COVID-19 Pandemic
The Covid-pandemic has ended. Again.
Big Data analytics and financial reporting quality: qualitative evidence from Canada
Artificial intelligence and big data: ontological and communicative perspectives in multi-sectoral scenarios of modern businesses
How to increase access to kidney transplantation: the analysis of a Brazilian public hospital through operations management
Total quality management in Peruvian goods companies during the COVID-19 pandemic
Bringing political science back into public administration research
School Principals’ Opinions on the Schooling in Turkey During the COVID-19 Pandemic1
Modelling the cause and effect relationship risks in reverse logistics supply chains for demolition waste
Energy Storage Participation in Wholesale Markets: The Impact of State-of-Energy Management
Factors affecting home range size of feral cats: a meta-analys
Enhancing Institutional Competitiveness: The CERTi Approach to Assessing Faculty Research Development Efforts In Higher Education
Application of Management based on Mathematical Models to Solve Investment Strategy Problems
Mapping employee involvement and participation in institutional context: Mick Marchington's applied pluralist contributions to human resource management research methods, theory and policy
Performance Management Through the Balanced Scorecard Approach by the South African Revenue Service
Security quality of KMS and KMS adoption: The context of SMEs
Fostering employees’ positive change reactions: the role of bridging and buffering strategies
Developing Strategies for Agricultural Water Management of Large Irrigation and Drainage Networks with Fuzzy MCDM
Stacking state-of-the-art ensemble for flash-flood potential assessment
Research Output and Information Use: A Citation Analysis of Faculty Publications in Engineering
Peer effects in management forecast precision decision: evidence from a novel text-based network
Shaping successful mega-project investments
Strategies to Increase Employee Performance Productivity of Private Higher Education Institutions in Indonesia by implementing a Growth Mindset and Work Engagement
Towards measuring SMEs performance amid the COVID-19 outbreak: exploring the impact of integrated supply chain drivers
Mission-based strategic management model for national R&D programs in Republic of Korea
Keeping the Technological Edge: The Space Arms Race and Anglo-American Relations in the 1980s
The Influence of Social Crowdedness in Retail Stores on Consumers’ Shopping Satisfaction in the COVID-19 Era: A Focus on the Moderating Effects of Happiness and Time Perspective
Developing and demonstrating a maturity model for smart ports
Secrecies as Organized Ignorance: The Illusion of Knowledge in French Pesticide Regulation
Developing a monitoring and evaluation framework in a humanitarian non-profit organisation using agile methodology
Strategic resource planning of endoscopy services using hybrid modelling for future demographic and policy change
Innovation dynamics of the state basic sanitation companies; [Dinâmica inovativa das companhias estaduais de saneamento básico]
Hybridizations and reconfigurations in the roles of actors in voluntary carbon offsetting
Engaging with emerged and emerging domains: cyber, space, and technology in the 2022 NATO strategic concept
Can intelligent manufacturing empower manufacturing? – an empirical study considering ambidextrous capabilities
The value of flexibility in multi-business firms
A multi-period fuzzy optimization strategy for managing a centralized blood supply chain
Management control systems. A non-family stakeholder perspective on the critical success factors influencing continuous stakeholder support during businesses succession
When are global decisions strategic?
To Change or Not to Change? Evidence on the Steadiness of More Hubristic CEOs
Getting models and modellers to inform deep decarbonization strategies
Development and evaluation of ontology for decision support in Polish crisis management system
Organizational Culture and Strategic Management in Brazilian Public Organizations: Systematization of Factors to Improve School Management
The impact of social and organisational capital on service innovation capability during COVID-19: the mediating role of strategic environmental scanning
Changing Reading Habits of Faculty of Higher Education in India: A Study of the COVID-19 Lockdown Period
Game theory for best results in academics
The role of perceived usefulness and annoyance on programmatic advertising: the moderating effect of Internet user privacy and cookies
Talent Management and Its Impact on Organizational Commitment: An Empirical Investigation of Indian Hospitality Industry
Who is calling the shot? Risk culture experiments on bi-level governments
Strategic behavior of insiders in initial underpricing and long-run underperformance
Optimal location and operation of waste-to-energy plants when future waste composition is uncertain
A holistic approach to food loss reduction in Africa: food loss analysis, integrated capacity development and policy implications
Unveiling the role of knowledge management capabilities in strategic emergency response: insights from the impact of COVID-19 on China’s new economy firms
Self-reflections on evolutionary processes and organizational adaptation: a Mendelian perspective on strategic management
SME Family Firms and Strategic Digital Transformation: Inverting Dualisms Related to Overconfidence and Centralization
Effective end‑of‑life (EOL) products management in mobile phone industry with using Twitter data analysis perspective
Out of Sight and Out of Reach: Public Access Strategies Using a Mixed Method to Reconnect a Saudi Urban Mega-District with its Shoreline
Corporate environmental responsiveness: a bibliometric and content analysis
Municipal Pathways in Response to COVID-19: A Strategic Management Perspective on Local Public Administration Resilience
The Cognitive Micro-foundations, and Socio-psychological Mechanisms, of Organizational Decision-Making in Public Management
A framework development for talent management in the higher education sector
Thirty years of product and brand management research: a retrospective review of the Journal of Product and Brand Management using bibliometric analysis
Innovation readiness in public sector service delivery: an exploration
Opportunism vs. Excellence in Academia: Quality Accreditation of Collegiate Business Schools
Strategic Communication and the Global Pandemic: Leading through Unprecedented Times
How dynamic capabilities change ordinary capabilities: Reconnecting attention control and problem-solving
Inter-organizational relationships and innovation: A case study on the financial services industry; [Relações interorganizacionais e inovação: Estudo de caso na indústria de serviços financeiros]
Benders decomposition for internal truck renewal decision in green ports
Platform revolution in the database management system industry: Evolution of SAP’s business model1
Linking managerial capital with explorative strategy and growth in China
Mortality of Orius insidiosus by contact with spinosad in the laboratory as well as in the field and a perspective of these as controllers of Frankliniella occidentalis
Effect of home-country corruption on sustainable resource management and innovation
Quality and costs in health care: using target costing in support of bundled payment programs
The microfoundations of open innovation: CEO overconfidence and innovation choices
Technological Innovation and Industrial Decline: The Case of the Automatic Loom in the British Cotton Industry
Modal shift ambitions of large North European ports: A contract-theory perspective on the role of port managing bodies
The emergence of the ‘sovereign debt crisis’ in 1970s MENA economies
Regaining partner trust in the food delivery business: case of Zomato
Patent productivity: Strategic human resources and the attention-based view
Strategic direction for aviation maintenance, repair, and overhaul hub after crisis recovery
THE INFLUENCE OF QUALITY MANAGEMENT AND ERP SYSTEMS ON ORGANISATIONAL CULTURE AND PERFORMANCE
Jute for Life: reconciling the social and business goals through sustainable entrepreneurship
Does sustainable corporate governance have an impact on materiality disclosure quality in integrated reporting? International evidence
Strategic management in eSports–a systematic review of the literature
Platform ecosystem development in an institutionalized business market: the case of the asset management industry
A review of strategic management research on India
The long game of innovation and value creation
Leveraging the balanced scorecard to reformulate the strategy of a performing arts theater: a stakeholders' perspective
Building a demand-oriented optimal model for the recycling of used electronic products
FUZZY LOGIC AS A DECISION-MAKING SUPPORT TOOL IN PLANNING TRANSPORT DEVELOPMENT
Strategic, operations, and evaluation planning for higher education distance education
Sustainable supply chain management of automotive sector in context to the circular economy: A strategic framework
A robust multi-objective model for healthcare resource management and location planning during pandemics
Aligning corporate social responsibility practices with the environmental performance management systems: a critical review of the relevant literature
STUDENTS’ PROBLEMS OF ACADEMIC WRITING COMPETENCIES, CHALLENGES IN ONLINE THESIS SUPERVISION, AND THE SOLUTIONS: THESIS SUPERVISORS’ PERSPECTIVES
Project portfolio management practices – a theoretical base and practitioner guidelines
Birds of a feather flock (even more) together: An intergroup relations perspective on how #MeToo-related media coverage affects the evaluation of prospective corporate directors
The Political Dynamics of Opening Participation in Strategy: The role of strategy specialists’ legitimacy and disposition to openness
Impacts of positive and negative corporate social responsibility on multinational enterprises in the global retail industry: DEA game cross-efficiency approach
Formation of TMT strategic consensus: the effects of collective team identification and information elaboration
The impact of enterprise niche on dual innovation performance: moderating role of innovation openness
Developing supply chain immunity for future pandemic disruptions
Risk management (RM) and project success (PS) of electrical power transmission and distribution systems: the moderation role of human resource management
The Interplay Between Supplier-Specific Investments and Supplier Dependence: Do Two Pluses Make a Minus?
Impact of COVID-19 on social prescribing across an Integrated Care System: A Researcher in Residence study
Developing a Framework for Managing Change Climate in Social Systems: Some Practical Implications for Medical Education Universities
The experience of luxury craftsmanship–a strategic asset for luxury experience management
EVIDENCE-BASED MODELS to SUPPORT HUMANITARIAN OPERATIONS and CRISIS MANAGEMENT
Propaganda photographs as a tool of North Korean public diplomacy: an experimental analysis of the Kim Jong-un effect
The cultural dimension as a key value driver of the sustainable development at a strategic level: an integrated five-dimensional approach
THE POTENTIAL OF SOFTWARE SUPPORT IN RAISING THE QUALITY OF STRATEGIC DECISION-MAKING IN ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
Examining the Role and Antecedents to Partner Commitment in Influencing Joint Venture Success
Networking down: Networks, innovation, and relational labor in digital book publishing
The role of organisational drivers of exploration and exploitation – Market dynamism as a contingency factor
A Systematic Review on Factors Influencing Container Terminal's Performance
Exploring the linkages of green transformational leadership, organizational green learning, and radical green innovation
High performance work systems, employee creativity and organizational performance in the education sector
Assessing the relationship between digital transformation and sustainable business excellence in a turbulent scenario
Dynamism and realignment in the HR architecture: Online labor platform ecosystems and the key role of contractors
How to build an «Identifiers’ policy»: the BnF use case
Pre-professional practices in the training of agricultural graduates: the case of Ecuador using fuzzy cognitive maps
Doing Well by Doing Good, Uniquely: Materiality and the Market Value of Unique CSR Strategies
Information and Communication Technology (ICT) effect on Supply Chain Performance in the dairy Industry: A Study in the Indian Context
The Role of Internal Communication in Start-ups: State of Research and Practical Approaches
Negotiation and Conflict Management: Two Valuable Tools in the Public Relations Toolbox
Strategic Orientation and Sustainable Competitive Performance of Family Firms: Evidence of an Emerging Economy
Management Strategy Evaluation for the Common Spiny Lobster, Palinurus elephas (Fabricius, 1787), Stock in Tunisia
Strategic Environmental Assessment in Marine Areas beyond National Jurisdiction: Implementing Integration
College of Business Administration: change and growth
Operationalising Tourism Sustainability at the Destination Level: A Systems Thinking Approach Along the SDGs
THE ROLE OF GLOBAL DIGITALISATION IN THE STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT OF THE ENTERPRISE
Hotels’ experience of green environment management and innovation performance: stewardship of multiple green drivers
The impact of tourism promotion in tourist destinations: a bibliometric study
Integrating corporate foresight with open innovation: Enhancing competitiveness of equipment and technology suppliers to the us forest sector
Integrate or keep separate? ChocoTravel’s dilemma around Aviata M&A
Pruthi Spices: self-reliant woman entrepreneur
Equipment upgrade service provision in the context of servitization: drivers, capabilities, and resources
Experience of Land Use Development Planning at the Local (Municipal) Level in the European Union
THE ROLE OF STRATEGIC FLEXIBILITY IN ENHANCING CRISIS MANAGEMENT IN THE COMMERCIAL BANKING SECTOR DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC
The Impact of Employees’ Training on Their Performance Improvements
Determinants of immersive technology acceptance in the construction industry: management perspective
A new supply chain distribution network design for two classes of customers using transfer recurrent neural network
Decision dilemma at Biziga
Leveraging mega-threats to reduce prejudice: a model for multi-level changes
The enduring importance of strategic vision in planning: the case of the West Midlands Green Belt
STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT TECHNIQUES OF SMART SYSTEM FOR POWER DISTRIBUTION OPERATIONS: AN OVERVIEW
The application of operational excellence methodologies in logistics: a systematic review and directions for future research
REPUTATION ECONOMICS AS A NEW PARADIGM FOR RESEARCHING THE ENVIRONMENTAL POTENTIAL OF A REGION
Antarctica in the gray zone
Regional monitoring frameworks for the circular economy: implications from a territorial perspective
The dual impetus for perceived brand globalness and brand competence in a rapidly changing environment: the role of Brand-Nation Connection
COMMUNITY PERCEPTIONS OF LOCAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT THROUGH TOURISM IN PORT ST JOHNS – SOUTH AFRICA
Thirty-five years of strategic management research. A country analysis using bibliometric techniques for the 1987-2021 period; [Treinta y cinco años de investigación en gestión estratégica. Un análisis de países utilizando técnicas bibliométricas para el período 1987-2021]
The effects of competition intensity on corporate social responsibility of chaebols
Assessing the AI-CRM technology capability for sustaining family businesses in times of crisis: the moderating role of strategic intent
Human capital disclosure and the contingency view
IMPLEMENTATION OF STRATEGIC TOOLS IN THE PROCESS OF FINANCIAL SECURITY MANAGEMENT OF INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES IN UKRAINE
Analyzing organizational barriers towards building postpandemic supply chain resilience in Indian MSMEs: a grey-DEMATEL approach
Building political capital through corporate social responsibility: a microlevel focus on the role of business leaders
Porter’s Five Forces: Evaluating Education Management Practices for the Postgraduate Program of UIN RM Said Surakarta, Indonesia
A configurational analysis of firms' environmental innovation: Evidence from China's key pollutant-discharge listed companies
Mediating Effects of Strategy and Structure between Environmental Predictability, Information Technology Usage and the Performance of NGOs
A Mixed Blessing? CEOs’ Moral Cleansing as an Alternative Explanation for Firms’ Reparative Responses Following Misconduct
The role of green innovation and hope in employee retention
Using strategic environmental assessment and project environmental impact assessment to assess ecological connectivity at multiple scales in a national park context
Mobilising management control systems to support sustainability strategy in SMEs: the case of a waste disposal firm
Overcoming political risk in developing economies through non-local debt
Facilitating multidirectional knowledge flows in project-based organizations: the intermediary roles of project management office
BEHAVIOR OF SCIENTIFIC PRODUCTION ON STRATEGIC ALLIANCES IN THE STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT JOURNAL BETWEEN 2010-2020; [COMPORTAMIENTO DE LA PRODUCCIÓN CIENTÍFICA SOBRE LAS ALIANZAS ESTRATÉGICAS EN LA STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT JOURNAL EN EL PERIODO 2010-2020]
Buy what you want, today! Platform ecologies of ‘buy now, pay later’ services in Singapore
Cultural heritage and tourism. A comparison of two destinations in Southern Moravia
Transitions in planning: transformative policy visions of the circular economy and blue bioeconomy meet planning practice
Efficacy of the global protected area network is threatened by disappearing climates and potential transboundary range shifts
The knowledge-incentive tradeoff: Understanding the relationship between research and development decentralization and innovation
Femicide Prevention Strategy Development Process: The South African Experience
Personal Interpretation Starts with the Interpreter: How Do Outcome Priorities Change Over Time among Interpretive Staff?
DIAGNOSTICS OF CORPORATE CULTURE ON MACHINE-BUILDING ENTERPRISES IN UKRAINE
The internationalization of meatpacking firms: a competence-based approach
Strategic brand innovation – an explorative study of up- and downstream brand innovation practices in SME wineries
Evolutionary game of government safety supervision for prefabricated building construction using system dynamics
Why cannot we all just get along? Resolving customer-focused team interface conflicts in a B2B firm leveraging AHP-based multi-criteria decision-making
The Corporate Social Responsibility of Fortune 500 Companies to Black Lives Matter: Strategic Responses on Instagram
Balanced performance assessment under uncertainty: an integrated CSW-DEA and balanced scorecard (BSC)
The favela effect: Spatial inequalities and firm strategies in disadvantaged urban communities
Identifying and harmonizing the priorities of stakeholders in the Chesapeake Bay environmental monitoring community
From the streets to the town halls: Municipalist platforms in the post-Yugoslav space
Two-decade journey of green human resource management research: a bibliometric analysis
Contradiction or Consistency: The &#x201C;Double-Edged Sword&#x201D; Effect of Asset Specificity on Organizational Resilience
APPROACHES TO DEVELOPING A STRATEGIC PROGRAM FOR HIGH-TECH ENTERPRISE IN THE CONTEXT OF DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
Systematic literature review on entrepreneurial orientation in nonprofit organizations – Far more than business-like behavior
Conflict Positioning in Crisis Communication: Impact of Antecedent Conditions on Negotiation
Human Capital Resources: Reviewing the First Decade and Establishing a Foundation for Future Research
Exploring the connection between emotions, artefacts and institutional work: the case of institutional change for public facilities management
No Virus on Me: The Indian Ways of Managing the COVID-19 Pandemic: Marine to Mountain
Emphasizing “me” or “we”: Training framing and self-concept in network-based leadership development
Embracing complexity in landscape management: Learning and impacts of a participatory resilience assessment
Does political issue matter in voting intention in Ghana? A political marketing perspective
A scenario-based collaborative problem for a relief supply chain during post-disaster under uncertain parameters: a real case study in Dorud
Indigenous knowledge promotion as a strategic pathway to sustainable structural transformation financing in Africa: lessons for the Middle East and North African economies
An Estimate of the Economic Value of Domestic Water Services: Case Study in Jordan
Application of a purchasing portfolio model to define medicine purchasing strategies: An empirical study
Strategic Supplementation to Manage Fine Fuels in a Cheatgrass (Bromus tectorum)−Invaded System
Contesting Mintzberg's five Ps for strategy: it is time for a product recall
Large satellite constellations and space debris: Exploratory analysis of strategic management of the space commons
A framework for librarians to inform the citizenry during disasters: Reflections on the COVID-19 pandemic
The effects of climate change mitigation strategies on the energy system of Africa and its associated water footprint
Green supply chain management, supplier environmental commitment, and the roles of supplier perceived relationship attractiveness and justice. A moderated moderation analysis
Causes of overgrazing in Inner Mongolian grasslands: Searching for deep leverage points of intervention
A Perspective on Digital Transformation Among Indian Exporting Firms
Wax and wane: a case study of Flying Colours
Barriers to achieving sustainability in pharmaceutical supply chains in the post-COVID-19 era
Analysis on Price Game and Supervision of Natural Gas Pipeline Tariff under the Background of Pipeline Network Separation in China
Investigating implementation level of phase-based strategies in transportation infrastructure projects
CONSCIOUS OR INDIFFERENT - CONCERNS ON DIGITALISATION AND SUSTAINABILITY AMONG SMEs IN INDUSTRY 4.0
STRATEGIC DIRECTION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ON SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN PRACTICES: EXPLORATORY CASE STUDY ON FASHION INDUSTRY IN MALAYSIA
BSRM Steel, Bangladesh: growing from building safety to caring hearts
Startup acquisitions, relocation, and employee entrepreneurship
Alliance performance and subsequent make-or-ally choices: Evidence from the aircraft manufacturing industry
Resource allocation and target setting: a CSW–DEA based approach
Fostering pro-environmental behaviors in the healthcare organizations: An empirical analysis of psychological and strategic factors
Simultaneous stochastic optimization of mining complexes - mineral value chains: an overview of concepts, examples and comparisons
Work transformation and the HR ecosystem dynamics: A longitudinal case study of HRM disruption in the era of the 4th industrial revolution
Development and Validation of the Business Process Automation Maturity Model: Results of the Delphi Study
The adoption of the key performance indicators to integrate sustainability in the business strategy: A novel five-dimensional framework
Blockchain in human resource management: a systematic review and bibliometric analysis
Business strategy typologies: do the board of commissioners and audit committee concern about prospector-type strategies?
Reducing carbon footprint in a resilient supply chain: examining the critical influencing factors of process integration
Zomato’s race to capture the foodtech market
The culture play, a key role in management consulting firms
How Can Strategic Leadership Support the 5 Functions of Strategic Management within University Environment?
Supply chain coordination under asymmetric information and partial vertical integration
Research of Methodological Principles and Financial Mechanisms of Macro-Strategic Management of the Dynamics of Technological Innovation Systems
Business strategies for small- and medium-sized tourism enterprises during COVID-19: a developing country case
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT OF COASTAL REGIONS: GEOGRAPHICAL AND GEOPOLITICAL FACTORS AND LIMITATIONS
Sinking houseboats and swaying home stays: community resilience and local impacts of COVID-19 in managing tourism crisis in Kerala
The role of women in managing waste banks and supporting waste management in local communities
Factors affecting academic staff development in the context of university autonomy through the lens of stakeholders: a case study from Tay Nguyen University, Vietnam
Irrigation modernization and the efficiency paradox: a meta-study through the lens of Networks of Action Situations
Integrated dynamic municipal solid waste transfer station location decision study based on the dynamic MSW generation
Configuring the governance and management of strategic networks for higher performance
Assessment of groundwater potential using multi-criteria decision analysis and geoelectrical surveying
Improvement-Based Approach for Control over Solvency of Commercial Organizations in the Context of Prediction of Preferred Capital Structure
The crisis management strategies of Indonesian event organizers in the face of COVID-19
Where the stars still shine: Some effects of star-performers-turned-managers on organizational performance
THE STATUS and DIRECTIONS for IMPROVING the REGULATORY and PROCEDURAL FRAMEWORK for the ROCKET and SPACE TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT in UKRAINE; [СТАН ТА НАПРЯМКИ УДОСКОНАЛЕННЯ НОРМАТИВНО-МЕТОДИЧНОЇ БАЗИ РОЗРОБКИ РАКЕТНО-КОСМІЧНОЇ ТЕХНІКИ В УКРАЇНІ]
The Key Impact of Management Modes for Innovation in SMEs
Takua Pa Old Town: Potential for resource development of community-based cultural tourism management
Yes bank: a case of quick turnaround
How do trade unions manage themselves? A study of Australian unions’ administrative practices
Building the Case for Paradigmatic Reflexivity in Strategic Management Research using Entrepreneurial Opportunity as an Exemplar
Building a Sustainable Digital Supply Chain: The Case of Grab
Integration of Green Ergonomics in Robust Decision Making Approach in Water Resources Management in Makassar City
Leadership competencies for digital transformation: An exploratory content analysis of job advertisements
Decent Work Environment and Work-Life Balance: Empirical Analysis of Banking Sector of Hostile Environments
A viable MBA for BoP students: PiMS in rural Kasaragod, Kerala
Exploratory analysis of seaplane operations in Greece: insights of a survey and SWOT analysis
Tensions in Organizations Transforming to Agility
The influence of strategic management accounting on value creation in government linked companies
Birds of a feather?: Firm sales growth and narcissism in the upper echelons at the CEO-TMT interface
Long-Run Renewal of REIT Property Portfolio Through Strategic Divestment
Freshwater science–policy interactions in Aotearoa-New Zealand: lessons from the past and recommendations for the future
Seasonal variation in the phenology of Atlantic tarpon in the Florida Keys: migration, occupancy, repeatability, and management implications
Critical success factors-based strategy to facilitate green manufacturing for responsible business: An application experience in Indian context
Farmers’ Perception and Adaptation Strategies to Climate Change in Central Mali
Paradox of strategic partnerships for sustainable value chains: Perspectives of not-for-profit actors
Market Selection for MyoTecSci: How to Decide “Where to Play” from Multiple Options
Strategic brand management in and through sport
ARE UNIVERSITY MANAGEMENT TEAMS STRATEGIC STAKEHOLDERS WITHIN HIGHER EDUCATION INSTITUTIONS? A CLINICAL STUDY
Doing the Right Thing? The Voting Power Effect and Institutional Shareholder Voting
Unraveling collaborative learning stimuli and effective dynamic capability integration on MNCs: the global capabilities administration model (GCAM)
COVID-19 impact and firm reactions towards crisis: Evidence from a transition economy
Relationship between Just in Time, Lean Manufacturing, and Performance Practices: a meta-analysis; [Relação entre práticas do Just in Time, Lean Manufacturing e Desempenho: uma meta-análise]
Reliability Assessment of Indicators Measuring the Impact of Enterprise Risk Management on Performance of Higher Education Institutions in Sri Lanka
Integrated Pest Management Data for Regulation, Research, and Education: Crop Profiles and Pest Management Strategic Plans
THE IMPACT OF CRISES SITUATIONS ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS CONTINUITY MANAGEMENT DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC IN JORDANIAN HOSPITALS
Sales and operations planning culture and supply chain performance: the mediating effects of five coordination mechanisms
BARRIERS OF IMPLEMENTING THE BALANCED SCORECARD: EVIDENCE FROM THE BANKING SECTOR IN THE DEVELOPING MARKET
How to guarantee food supply during pandemics? Rethinking local food systems from peri-urban strategic agents' behaviour: The case study of the Barcelona Metropolitan Region
Attraction and retention of employees in an Australian regional SME: the importance of place and scale in human resource management
Building organizational resilience with digital transformation
AMALGAMATED TERRITORIAL COMMUNITIES AS A BASIS FOR THE INTRODUCTION OF DECENTRALIZATION OF POWER IN UKRAINE
Strategic Adaptation of Seaports to Modern Trends
Strategic management practices in Central American micro family enterprises: The case of the commercial sector in El Salvador
Performance indicators in higher education quality management of learning and teaching: lessons from a benchlearning exercise of six European universities
Ambidexterity in entrepreneurial universities and performance measurement systems. A literature review
Competitive intelligence process and strategic performance of banking sector in Pakistan
Dispersion in the hospital network of shared patients is associated with less efficient care
The mismatch: Royal Australian Navy maritime constabulary 1955–2020
Branding governance in international recurring sports events: the World Rugby ‘Sevens’ Series
Modeling the selection of innovative strategy for development of industrial enterprises
Predicting SMEs performance through green supply chain practices: a mediation model link of business process performance
Effect of manufacturer's flexible returns policy in a duopolistic competition
BRAND AS A TERRITORIAL DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY: CONVERGENCE BETWEEN CITY BRANDING AND THE MASTER PLAN OF SÃO PAULO CITY; [MARCA COMO ESTRATÉGIA DE DESENVOLVIMENTO TERRITORIAL: CONVERGÊNCIA ENTRE BRANDING DE CIDADE COM O PLANO DE DIRETOR DO MUNICÍPIO DE SÃO PAULO]
The influence of storytelling on the consumer–brand relationship experience
Effects of plant density and stem pruning on plant biomass yield and economic benefits in a low-cost gravel bed aquaponic system
Artificial intelligence and the changing sources of competitive advantage
Transforming the Global Plastics Economy: The Role of Economic Policies in the Global Governance of Plastic Pollution
A conceptual framework for designing blockchain technology enabled supply chains
Producing deflective online strategies: Lessons from New Zealand women's management of social media engagement
Impact of strategic management on the performance of public institutions: empirical evidence from development agencies
Innovative Service Behaviors of Hotel Employees: An Internal Service Perspective
Do participation structures affect workers’ voice?
How do Scrum Methodologies Influence the Team&#x0027;s Cultural Values&#x003F; A Multiple Case Study on Agile Teams in Nonsoftware Industries
Channel morphodynamics and sediment budget of the Lower Ganga River using a hydrogeomorphological approach
HIV Disclosure Practices to Family among Mexican and Puerto Rican Sexual Minority Men with HIV in the Continental USA: Intersections of Sexual Orientation and HIV Stigma
RELATIONAL CAPABILITY: A PROSPECTIVE STUDY AT BRAZILIAN TECHNOLOGICAL-BASE ENTERPRISES IN BIOTECH INDUSTRY
The role of knowledge management processes in reducing strategic drift within the framework of knowledge leverage strategies. An analytical study of the opinions of a sample of academic leaders at the University of Kirkuk
All we want is authentic beer: the role of geographic communities and authenticity on breweries' reactions to competition
The moderating effect of big data analytics on green human resource management and organizational performance
Polarity Based Model for Guiding Medical School Strategy During Crisis – A Cross Sectional Qualitative Study
Mediation effect of product diversification on the relationship between top management team heterogeneity and firm value in China
Cyber-Physical Production System Assessment Within the Manufacturing Industries in the Amazon
Analysing enterprise resources for developing CRM framework in higher education institutions
Navigating Politically Muddy Waters: Charter Management Organizations and Their Efforts to Craft a Counternarrative
How to Manage Public Condemnation: Political Scandals in Russia
Perception on constraining factors impacting recruitment and selection practices of building contractors in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania
When Not One of the Crowd: The Effects of CEO Ideological Divergence on Lobbying Strategy
Exploring the effects of prospective corporate social responsibility on firm performance: the mediating role of innovation
Corporate social responsibility & the advertising strategic planning process: a literature review & research agenda
Strategic responses of chain hotels to COVID-19 from a situational crisis communication theory perspective
A systemic approach for climate risk assessment applied to thermoelectric power plants in northeastern coast of Brazil
Energy-Efficient supply chains in construction industry: An analysis of critical success factors using ISM-MICMAC approach
Discovering and nurturing local key stakeholders’ talent in emerging economies: using fsQCA to test the external human resources approach
Chief executive officer characteristics and discretionary accruals in an emerging economy
The effects of globalization on family firms' business model in Europe
DIGITALIZATION: INTERCONNECTION WITH THE SCIENTIFIC AND RESEARCH SPHERE - ONE OF THE MAIN STRATEGIC DIRECTIONS OF QUALITY MANAGEMENT BY AGRICULTURAL LAND USERS
Strategic Planning of Methods for Monitoring and Assessing the Ecological State of Water Bodies
Detection and forecasting of shallow landslides: lessons from a natural laboratory
Are narcissistic CEOs good or bad for family firm innovation?
A Historical Intervention in the “Opportunity Wars”: Forgotten Scholarship, the Discovery/Creation Disruption, and Moving Forward by Looking Backward
Corporate social responsibility and SMEs' performance: mediating role of corporate image, corporate reputation and customer loyalty
Evolution of a Government Photo Op: The Media Tradition of a Canadian Finance Minister's New Budget Shoes
Ancient routes, new gateways: a systematic literature review of China's cultural route heritage
DESIGNING A TOOLSET FOR THE FORMALIZED EVALUATION AND SELECTION OF REENGINEERING PROJECTS TO BE IMPLEMENTED AT AN ENTERPRISE
CORPORATE MUSEUM AS A STRATEGIC CULTURAL ASSET TO STRENGTHEN THE Brazil BRAND; [MUSEU CORPORATIVO COMO ATIVO CULTURAL ESTRATÉGICO PARA FORTALECER A MARCA BRASIL]
Restraining knowledge leakage in collaborative projects through HRM
Talent management and performance in the public sector: the role of organisational and line managerial support for development
Digitalization Opportunities Road Mapping Tool (DORMT©): A framework to assess digitalization opportunities in construction organizations
Silver bank: vulnerability and risks during cyberattacks
Resource reconfiguration by surviving SMEs in a disrupted industry
Analysis of contractors' administrative characteristics in bid decision factors
Multiplying Ignorance, Deferring Action: Dynamics in the Communication of Knowledge and Non-Knowledge
Sustainability and long-term impact of community-managed water supply in rural Kyrgyzstan, Central Asia
Critical success factors in the management of petrochemical construction projects for contractors and subcontractors during the COVID-19 pandemic
Does equity-based compensation motivate executives to build strong brands?
Enhancing Informed Decisions for Coastal Groundwater Sustainability: A Network Analysis of Water-Related Indicator Results from 122 Cities
Strategic mapping of cultural and creative industries. The case of the Veneto region
Empirical inquiry without hypotheses: A question-driven, phenomenon-based approach to strategic management research
Examining the performance outcome of intellectual capital: a parallel mediation analysis
When does voluntary coordination work? Evidence from area-wide pest management
Strategic utilization of groundnut shell (Arachis hypogaea) immobilized bacterial consortium for enhanced 4-nitrophenol remediation: statistical optimization, kinetic modeling, and reusability
The applicability of LID facilities as an adaptation strategy of urban CSOs management for climate change
Distribution Channel Model for Hotel Revenue Management: Lessons from Hoteliers and E-Intermediaries
Strategic collaboration in managing existing buildings in New Zealand's state schools: school managers' perspectives
Becoming a smart solution provider: Reconfiguring a product manufacturer's strategic capabilities and processes to facilitate business model innovation
Fostering Innovation in Diversified Business Groups with the Creation of Cross-subsidiary Collaborative Structures
Designing wearable microgrids: Towards autonomous sustainable on-body energy management
Sustainable Engineering higher education in Oman-lessons learned from the pandemic (COVID-19), improvements, and suggestions in the teaching, learning and administrative framework.
Understanding the ambition in the EU’s Strategic Compass: a case for optimism at last?
Increasing competitive performance through effective use of performance management systems
Good cause, not so good business? Sales and operations performance of cause-related marketing
Structural Barriers and Narratives of Chinese Social Workers’ Coping Strategies
SWOT-SOR Analysis of Activated Carbon-Based Technologies and O3/UV Process as Polishing Treatments for Hospital Effluent
UTILIZING EVENTS FOR PLACEMAKING OF PRECINCTS AND MAIN STREETS: CURRENT STATE AND CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORS
Effect of destination competitiveness attributes on tourists’ intention to visit halal tourism destination in Indonesia
‘All we have to do is be uncertain’: assessing the ‘amplification of institutional incertitude’ in European food safety and risk governance
Play against the informality? Institutional reliance and strategic adaption in Chinese cultural governance
Understanding the discourse of the “Community” in community development in Ghana’s mining industry
The Stabilizing Effects of Publishing Strategic Central Bank Projections
Factors Affecting the Application of Strategy Management Accounting in Vietnamese Logistics Enterprises
Understanding the choice of human resource and the artificial intelligence: “strategic behavior” and the existence of industry equilibrium
The mediating effect of IT governance between corporate governance mechanisms, business continuity, and transparency & disclosure: An empirical study of Covid-19 Pandemic in Jordan
How do shareholders influence international firms’ environmental strategies? The differential impact of strategic and financial investors
Uncertain demand based integrated optimisation for train timetabling and coupling on the high-speed rail network
Last Resort or Best Interest? Exploring the Risk and Safety Factors That Inform the Rates of Relocation for Young People Abused in Extra-Familial Settings
Asylum Seekers and Refugee Management: (Im)Balance Burden Sharing Case between Indonesia and Australia
Configuring absorptive capacities through organizational practiced routines: evidence from Brazilian digital technology-based SMEs
Developing effective strategic decision-making in the areas of hotel quality management and customer satisfaction from online ratings
India’s counterinsurgency knowledge: theorizing global position in wars on terror
Mitigating post-fire regeneration failure in boreal landscapes with reforestation and variable retention harvesting: At what cost?
Knowledge Commercialization in Iran University of Medical Sciences: Faculty Members' Viewpoints
Expectations of Genomic Selection for Forestry: Expert Narratives of Anticipation and Legitimation
An Analysis of Agricultural Production Efficiency of Yangtze River Economic Belt Based on a Three-Stage DEA Malmquist Model
‘We all have a role to play’: A comparative analysis of political speech acts on the COVID19 crisis in the South Pacific: Speech acts in crisis political discourse in the South Pacific
EVENTS AS DESTINATION IMAGE MAKER: THE ROLE OF EVENT TYPE AND IMPLICATIONS FOR EVENT PORTFOLIO DEVELOPMENT
Adult Stepchildren’s Uncertainty Management in Later Life Stepfamilies: Illuminating the Role of Context, Intentionality, Collaboration, and Information Implications
Procurement of facilities management services designated for office buildings of airline corporate organisations in Asia
A call for action: The impact of business model innovation on business ecosystems, society and planet
Value co-creation on technology-enabled platforms for business model responsiveness and position enhancement in global value chains
Co-created employer brands: the interplay of strategy and identity
State-owned enterprises’ performance in Indonesia: a strategic typology perspective
Farmers that engage in entrepreneurship for the “wrong” reason and the moderating role of cultural intolerance
The Financial – Economic Factors in the Strategic Planning of European Borderlands: Envisioning the So-Desired Sustainable Development
How Rare Is Rare? How Common Is Common? Empirical Issues Associated With Binary Dependent Variables With Rare Or Common Event Rates
Risk management practice, alliance management capability, and enterprise resilience: Findings from Indonesian state-owned enterprises
Management Turnover, Strategic Ambiguity and Supply Incentives
A multi-product and multi-period aggregate production plan: a case of automobile component manufacturing firm
Conceptual Model for Assessing the Lean Manufacturing Implementation Maturity Level in Machinery and Equipment of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises
IMPROVEMENT OF THE SYSTEM OF INSTITUTIONAL SUPPORT OF SUSTAINABLE ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT OF THE CARPATHIAN REGION AND THE EUROREGION “BUG”
Effects of key leadership determinants on business sustainability in entrepreneurial enterprises
Supporting Decision-Making with the Tools of Risk Management
SDGwashing: a critical view of the pursuit of SDGs and its relationship with environmental performance
MANAGEMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND ECONOMIC RISKS IN THE SYSTEM OF SUSTAINABLE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
THE IMPACTS OF KM-CENTRED STRATEGIES AND PRACTICES ON INNOVATION: A SURVEY STUDY OF R&D FIRMS IN MALAYSIA
A conceptual framework for blockchain-based sustainable supply chain and evaluating implementation barriers: A case of the tea supply chain
Valenced Metaphors in Strategic Communication: The Case of the Greek Economic Crisis
Robin hood insurance broking: driving growth with differentiation
Providing a model for evaluating and selecting suppliers of three-phase self-sustaining cables using the interactive approach of analytical hierarchical process and goal programming
Identifying Urban Tourism Development Challenges in Mahikeng
Technocreativity, Social Networks and Entrepreneurship: Diagnostics of Skills in University Students
A synthesis of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative according to the Open Standards for the Practice of Conservation
LGBTQ Incorporated: YouTube and the Management of Diversity
Use of multi-objective examination model to sensitivity analysis for sustainability with three new practices
Ecological Landscape Structure and Game Management Strategy among the Upper Palaeolithic Societies of Southern Zagros Mountains
Navigating the paradox of global scaling
Social media takeover: Using experiential learning to teach social media marketing
Connecting the Path Between Open Innovation and Industry 4.0: A Review of the Literature
Tourism management competencies for visitor experience design among natural protected areas in Peru
Technological change in water use: A mean-field game approach to optimal investment timing
Industry 4.0 for Thai SMEs: Implementing Open Innovation as Innovation Capability Management
Stress tests for public service resilience: introducing the possible-worlds thinking
A Relational Dimension of Open Innovation: Towards A Comprehensive Strategic Communication Research Agenda
The power in managing numbers: changing interdependencies and the rise of ranking expertise
A Panoramic Innovation Paradigm for Eco-Sustainability in Infrastructure Megaprojects
The contribution of resilience assessment to impact assessment
The "New Normal" in the (Post-)Viral Tourism: The Role of Technology
Implementing a strategic campus-wide approach to authentic assessment: considerations and recommendations for implementation
Join the Dots: assessing a collection of 80 million items at The Natural History Museum, London
Managing digital knowledge for ensuring business efficiency and continuity
A strategic response map for cascading pandemics: Lessons learned from the response to COVID-19 in the Republic of Korea
How digital platform leaders can foster dynamic capabilities through innovation processes: the case of taobao
Sustainable management of populations impacted by harvesting and climate change
Community-based Disaster Risk Reduction Strategy in Case of Merapi Eruption at Balerante Village, Klaten Regency, Central Java Province
Leadership Styles, Public Relation Skills and School-Community Collaboration: A Quantitative Analysis of the Perception of Stakeholders
Evaluation of knowledge sharing and its role in organisational innovation using structural equation modelling: a case study of Civil Aviation Organisation
The micromechanism of “co-beneficial” cooperation between government and business in the context of Chinese transition economy: the case of “Daqing–Geely mode”
L&T’S Acquisition of Mindtree Limited: Is It Worth Contesting?
A preliminary estimate of the economic value of Iceland's terrestrial ecosystem services and opportunities for future research
The management of moral hazard through the implementation of a Moral Compliance Model (MCM)
Strategic environmental assessment implementation: variation across regions in China
Optimization strategy and capacity planning for coordinated operation of regional energy internet system based on sparrow search algorithm
Critical success factors of strategic information systems planning: a Delphi approach
We are MLA: a qualitative case study on the Medical Library Association’s 2019 Communities Transition
Stuck in the mud – Pakistan state oil under assault: multidimensional strategic crises
Management control systems and the strategic management of innovation
Climate Adaptation as Organizational Learning: A Grounded Theory Study on Manufacturing Companies in a Bavarian Region
Strategic entrepreneurship practices and performance of small and medium-sized enterprises in Nigeria
Conceptualising manifestations and shapers of doctoral student agency: A subject-centered approach
Italian healthcare organizations facing new dimensions: changes in governance structure
The role of CEOs' human capital in sustaining superior performance–empirical evidence from China
Prioritisation of resilience criteria and performance indicators for road emergencies crisis response: an analytic hierarchy process (AHP) approach
Launching the Internet of Things: how to ensure a successful debut
Evolution of organisational agility: a bibliometric study
Analysis of barriers in green human resource implementation for enhancing organizational sustainability: a DEMATEL approach
A framework for shared leadership: A perspective on strategic planning for academic libraries
Blockchain technology adoption for managing risks in operations and supply chain management: evidence from the UK
TRANSFORMATIONAL LEADERSHIP, POLITICAL SKILL, ORGANIZATIONAL CULTURE, AND EMPLOYEE PERFORMANCE: A CASE FROM TOURISM COMPANY IN INDONESIA
Strategic supplier management: from contractual models to engagement partnerships
Theoretical B2B knowledge management framework focused on value co-creation
Increasing Value Capture by Enhancing Manufacturer Commitment - Designing a Value Cocreation System
Enablers for the adoption and use of BIM in main contractor companies in the UK
A Digital Strategy Development Framework for Supply Chains
Digital Transformation and Its Impact on Strategic Supremacy Mediating Role of Digital HRM: an Evidence From Palestine
Challenges and opportunities when implementing strategic foresight: lessons learned when engaging stakeholders in climate-ecological research
Does ambidexterity consistency benefit small and medium-sized enterprises’ resilience?
Getting Start-ups Back on Feet Post COVID-19: A Case Study of a Food-tech Start-up that Reshaped Its Business Model
Boundary spanning in multiple supplier development initiatives: an exploratory study
Disaster supply chain with information and digital technology integrated in its institutional framework
Landscape architecture environmental adaptability evaluation model based on improved genetic algorithm
A Study on Logistical Distribution Management and Safety in Thailand’s Highway Work Zone: The case of Logistics Drivers
Performance measurement and management in the British higher education sector
Supply chain disruption risk: an unintended consequence of product innovation
Dynamic core capabilities of IoT firms in the product lifecycle: a resource-based view
Rethinking Resilience: Definition, Context, and Measure
The Financial Geography of Resilience: A Case Study of Goldman Sachs
DEVISING THE POLICY OF FUNDS ALLOCATION IN THE DECISION-MAKING PROCESS UNDER THE BUDGET AND TAX MANAGEMENT